Im like blazing thru levels on my alt lvl 26 atm .  Grabbed the wand from BFD and skinning knife and all my other gear is like greens ive had for 15+ levels.
Dont really feel like I need gear but is anything really worth grabbing along the way ? Like robes of arugal?
Also I mainly have spirit gear, 90 spirit atm. Should I focus more on stam/int or spirit?
Of course. I got the skinning knife
Yea this is second character so I can buy whatever to speed up leveling
Thanks
Is the leveling build in kargoz ultimate levelling guide still legit ( drain tank build)
I see yall meming about dark pact
Is it trash
Feels like id be better off getting imp drain life before reach
You gain threat, but you won't cause the boss to turn to you unless you apply threat after LiP ends, regardless of your threat when LiP ends
So in theory you could overthreat by a million during LiP, stop before it ends and do nothing and not get aggro
But even threat gen from like mana or healing will fuck that up
You need to actually update the boss' threat for him to turn to you.
Yes
In practice tho its not really relevant
Fight Club went into this alot....
See if I can dig up some proof for ye
> https://youtu.be/QFvDwd0-Vu4
From ResultsMayVary
"Video still processing. I LIP, all mobs go to druid and stay on druid until I generate threat on them.

I attack a single mob (and generate rage from it) and the others do not attack me until I cast battle shout (AOE threat)."
Yea I think he was trying to prove that rage gen doesnt cause threat in this vid in particular
looking for another
Didnt find any concrete proof but multiple member's anecdotal tests confirming you don't get aggro back after LiP if you do nothing.
Easy to test yourself tho :p
loool
He was trying to prove that gaining rage doesnt cause threat on other mobs in this video
thats why he swings at one mob, gains rage
the other mobs dont hit him
Thats right
He may or may not have used Bloodrage in combat which would make this video a conclusive proof . Yes it is Stabile
make this video a conclusive proof of the other LiP mechanic being discussed*
If the video had him using bloodrage in combat
then it would be conclusive
inferring from his combat log that he has threat on those mobs
is not a good thing to do
I mean yall can argue about the video all you want or just test yourself, or just believe what you want to belive based on your own Ony experience
But Fight Club believes the LiP mechanic works as stated and proving otherwise
would be interesting
Why not just do a conclusive test
instead of ony where there is a lot going on
Like a threat drop could be an "update" that causes boss to refocus on you.
I would just use basic mobs.
I mean we all agree video is NOT conclusive
But I wouldnt consider a video from Ony conclusive either.
rage gain threat
Literally do the same thing as the video but use demo shout first LOL
easiest check
Ony updates her own threat table
with threat drops
Unclear how ony's stuff interacts
I dont think so
I mean if it only doesnt work on bosses w threat drops
you could overaggro on vael right?
It could be useful
^
Even good tanks make msitakes
fights get fcked
chromag vulns
You could like LiP during vuln, pump, let tank catch up, resume DPS
but
sketchy af
In the end you are capped by your tanks threat on the dmg you can do
and ofc that mechanic is going to be absurdly niche but it could save you if you know your going to be fucked. Like what if your MT dies? You could maybe LiP, and wait for the OT to gain aggro
saving wbuffs
It could also be that ANY update to the threat meter  (not just you personally updating the threat meter) causes the boss to refocus on a target. As in, even if that video DID have demo shout at the start, it may not be conclusive as it doesnt test if a third party interacting with threat table affects it.
https://us.forums.blizzard.com/en/wow/t/boss-attacks-and-you-beware-math-inside/459866
The above post suggest CoR is a ~10% increase on Mortal Strike Damage
CoR+Screech+5/5 DS: 29.091% Damage Decrease

This is going from CoR to CoR + Screech + 5/5 DS
to be clear
this means a 29% decrease from 110% boss damage
Since CoR is present
Doesnt TBC do the same for locks?
and hunters
Sure but like that seems to be more caused by the move to 25 man raiding
Is it really worth bringing a fury over a warlock/hunter
If all your doing is trying to degen parse
So bring warlocks and boomies and dont bring warriors and shammies?
loool
TBC almost seems like it marginalizes tons of classes to their utility
You could have fights where certain classes perform better / worse which balances classes dps without homogenizing them
Yes Dakyo looks like its as it was stated, you wont get aggro until you update your threat table after LiP
Is mara worth farming without gathering profession? My alt has herbing and I get pretty good gold just doing silversage in open world
So you kill tinker, kill all the eles then walk back up to princess? Might as well get rotgrip then on the way back to princess?
Then you gptta walk back to rotgrips body and then back to princess
Is that a bad thing
Im just tryna figure out herbless run including some eles for gold
Yes that might make sense depending on time wasted vs money
Yea Marki's run is what I am looking for
Is SM/DS that relevant here?
I am SM/Ruin but it doesnt seem like he really benefits much from demonology in this run
Sure hes got more stam or can fel dom in a pinch
I have troubles w princess
Without VW
Even with VW sometimes
I just started really
Yes
She just seems to catch up to me sometimes I think the way I run she cuts off my path
I found a different video from him that says 100GPH and doesnt kill princess
Just runs thru tinker and eles
But yea that is what I was doing, with a void walker
I could try with imp
Thanks. Do you find the run is much harder/ longer with sm ruin
Ele tinker run
Because cucks are dispelling buffs every where
Summons are in hot demand to have full buffs on DMF week
Songflower summon ppl will pay like 30 g
Does anyone know how to glitch on top of the room where BWL orb is
there are warlocks that summon from there
and priests that dispell
Are the rank gloves crucial for tanking emps?
Are they not good at all?
Okay
Marki are you using Voidwalker demonic sacrifice in your 100 gph video or succ?
Just watching again you seem to take so little dmg
I assumed the reason you use SM/DS is for double dip on shadow dmg
That makes so much more sense
I was like how the hell is 10% dmg making all the difference
and how the hell does he not have to eat/bandage?
Just got my 8/8 t1 :p
yea Im definitely respeccing after watching again
I watched it at the beginning
then ran a bunch
now watching again its night n day
I dont have a princess dagger yet so mayb ill stay sm ruin a bit for that
You think the daggers worth ?
doesnt help efficiency at all?
alright alright, yea only good for aoe spells I guess?
And yea the rag trinket for sure gimme gimmme
Yikes
That is awesome though, just means I can go full respec farm mode
looks way more fun
Gotcha
ele price?
The price fluctuates between 3.3 and 4.2 ish here
but I can hold the ele earth for when it spikes
I find the passive gold from solid stone is pretty decent for just payin my immediate costs
yea
My warlocks not my main so I dont even have to respec if I dont wanna  ðŸ˜›
Hows the GPH in DME mine/ench
Is there an ELI5 on spell pen and boss resistance in classic anywhere?
You guys got any top tier DPS tricks for BWL? My alt is lock and going to srs raid full wbuffs tonight
I know to sac a void for vael
hehe
do you spam searing pain on fire vulns
My new guild asked me for a wishlist of items in order of preference for their LC, what do you guys think of this (I don't know warlock itemization super well):
@Mikiz  Dam youre good
Its my alt so I kinda dont wanna farm rockfury and earth strike
But I am aware that it can be farmed
Don't you want BoFC in order to break the pair?
My dirty thought was if you dont get BoFC you might get Fallen God Ring easier :p
This guild is kinda a mess too many locks and a shadow priest so I think theres still a lot of ppl wanting shadow dmg things
What about Don Rodrigos?
Eh, it doesn't seem that good unless spell pen is really OP
Ill open the sim later I guess
Yea
Typically goes caster prio
Our MT might yoink a cloak
Youll probably get that from like one AQ40 run right
If you kill Cthun first week youll have the rep?
IDK still gotta compete w all the fire mages over the ring
Cthun ring that is
could get it week 1 could wait 8 weeks depending on guild
I tried that, but turns out that spec doesnt rip aggro because it does no dmg
It has nothing to do with TFury and if hes blaming it on that get ready for disappointment when you spend those 100 arcanite bars on him
I didnt know war locks had a "proper" rotation
Don't you just put up a DoT and spam shadow bolt
Or no DoT
if not allowed
Thats a good way to rip aggro
Can you expand on that @givemetheformuoli
How do you max out the value of ZHC? Use it when you have enough mana to cast shadow bolt?
Sync w PI?
No Shadowburn?
During ZHC?
I guess it has shit spell power scaling because instant?
Its not worth using shadowburn early?
And again at the end?
k
I see ppl using it on Vael
Where mana doesnt matter
Fair enough
Yea you probably can but kinda takes luck
You can get past the first pack by pulling it with eye of killrog
and then there is a low chance for that first box on the right to have holy water I think?
Will most of you be speccing MD first week
I just yoinked two eidolon cloaks for 20 g each
Yea I run the gbank for my guild so I am looking often, its rare and often very expensive
Eidolon Talisman is like 500g + constantly on my server
IDK if ppl are actually buying it or not
What happens to ignite threat after you die?
I saw a mage with like 4k DPS on chromag but he died and the ignite kept rolling
He got credited with all that DPS
Isnt that just the most broken shit ever then
Just sac a mage every boss fight
Is the meta gonna be suicide mages
lol
Cant you just have the mage that dies hold the ignite
and the mages w world buffs
feed the crits
Like losing wbuffs on one mage to have infinite damage
Or do I not understand something here
okay not infinite damage but you know what I mean
I mean he has a point. You guys are arguing that the TPS benefit of spell power outweighs the RNG benefit of reel on warlock tank
"and yes pull variance is a thing but when you've got given free threat on the teleport you've already got enough time that pull variance isn't going to matter"

Based on this argument, I could also say that spell power is not important
and that variance is more important
if initial threat is good enough why you need the spell power
yea thats fair I guess reel only relevant on the pull
If you get 3 resists on the pull tho, it may be more detrimental to your raid than slightly less TPS on the bosss.
So?
Reducing RNG is good
how can yall be warlocks and not see that reducing bad RNG is good
Are you all 0 hit shillls?
Look Stabile is probably right the TPS is probably more important
but mocking someone for arguing about variance over TPS and just making blanket statement arguments isnt that convincing
"you can resist anyways therefore hit is bad"
That too
On ND the warlock couldnt just get proxy aggro v easily
^
oof that sounds wack honestly
I don't see the notes but doesnt mean it didnt get changed blizz patch notes are wack
https://wowwiki.fandom.com/wiki/Patch_1.11.0
https://wowwiki.fandom.com/wiki/Patch_1.12.0
This is interesting: 1.12 patch notes: It should no longer be possible for Emperor Vek'lor and Vek'nilash to Unbalancing Strike or Arcane Burst immediately after a teleport.
On Private, they would always arcane burst right after teleport which made it hard to do proxy aggro
as I recall
this suggests to me that it will be easier to get proxy aggro with 1.12.
I talked to a guy who says he solo tanked it in Vanilla
He says he could run to the other side of the room during the teleport
Yea probably
Yea youll probably be able to get away with a lot, especially if your using world buffs and flask
Yea usually warriors are being a bit cautious on rag
if rag didnt randomly murder you everyone would easily kill in 45 s
at least any decent guild
99% of guilds wont even pull cthun
at the start
Is there a way to use the class quest reward to get a free shard
I thought I could make the void despawn to get shard
But stay+ run away didnt work
Lame
I mean I guess I can still get a void on 0 shards and it works w fel dom
Thats better than a scythe
Yea like SM DS farming and out of shards
Please I am sure yall have ran outta shards before
Locks my alt so I summon my whole raid then login next day to raid on lock no shards
But yea obvs trinkets pretty dam useless
Dueling out front of org I burn through em but one free void not that helpful
Try it
Ppl did shit like that on private
O is that legit? Spam immolate > searing pain?
none of you read
He said use rank 7 immo > rank 6 immo
so it doesnt knock off DoT
but anyways
So soulfire is pretty similar to SP damage but less threat right
So you should always SF?
I did look at the graphs in your resource section
But I am too small brain
haha i know
Soulfire has a CD
I figure you go Immo > Soul Fire > judge to use searing pain or immo based on threat
SP or SF
hahaha
trooo
Insta summon imp for the fire vuln? lol
You have a warlock right
Just go cast 3 spells on a mob
and answer your own question
LOL
they probably don't know
Some of the shadow bolt dmg numbers I see blow my mind Orangejuice
But you got flask, PI, ToEP, Shadow Vuln from Spriest, CoS, lots of ways shadow dmg can be buffed
I DONT KNOW KORVO
ARE YOU HAPPY
question answered
I dont think I have seen anyone crit for 11k on razor gore tho
top warlock razorgore log

womp womp womp
I think you made up the ol 11k crit on razorgore @Orangejuice
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/CfvwGA21YRKdPN3t#fight=2&type=damage-done
I think this is what he was going to get "11k"

because it makes a DPS number out of it
not the actual dmg it hit for
um
If you are a bit pepega you can forget that you need to actually let the last egg break
Dont ask me how I know that
might fapped a bit early on my warr once
hey man at least you gettin a PI
I have never been PI on my lock
exactly I wouldnt be strangling someone for giving me PI
I would be like " thank you very much for your generous donation of 1/2 of a PI good sir"
does the imp in ZG count for parses
I had a insano parse with one but we werent logging:(
But I looked around and didnt really see evidnece that it counted
ah okay
yea
I just figure if they did, all top lock parses in ZG would be enslave parses
oo
ooo the infernal
that is fuckin spicy dude
Khira made special case for mad servant probably
But theres other demons in thurrr
Demons leave early if your toon is ugly I heard
Can't confirm, am beautiful
Last ZG a lock managed to keep an imp til Thekal room, it broke on the trash pack before
And I yoinked it
Does yoinking someone else's enslave reset the DR on enslave?

So you can just swap imps with your buddy right
You can chain them though
Use ToEP when ZHC ends right?
They don't actually share a CD just can't be activated simultaneously I thought
Just like diamond flask and CKL
I don't have ToEP or Tear so I want the crit trinket from ZG for that reason
Sureshank, when you say its pretty weak are you just assuming ppl have better trinkets?
Seems pretty dam good in short fights that are long enough to use both ZHC and it
If you dont have Tear or Toep
Sounds like you don't understand  how active trinkets work
They don't share CD's, one gets put on CD until the active affect is over.
You can't just "use ToEP" again
Do you guys stand closer to the boss so you can shadow burn
On some fights
also less travel time for bolt
21
22 SR rings
"realistic"
Why not include the shadow shielding ammy
Thats not very hard to get I thought
Is that because you are assuming gates open within 1 week
or?
Warlocks get second and third broodlord head how much more is there to the quest
ah okay
didnt know it was rep gated
I didnt do my research
thanks
I thought the quest started w broodlord head
not rep grind
Isnt it caverns of time> broodlord head > rep grind
ah okay
yea I didnt do shit for research just knew the shadow shielding was  mildly early in the chain
but thought it was before the neutral grind
what a pain they are like 500+ g on my server
use the neck for 1 week then toss it lol
I have them though
o yea
MD ruin week 1`
then shielding later
On opposite faction thats not griefing
Get a tank that holds aggro
On pve servers id say its even less griefing literally only way to compete for world boss
Or you can just click Casts in warcraft logs lol
@Njal Is your tank named Demonic
No curse of reck on Broodlord is nerfing his threat for one
Man uses Death Wish but only in the last half of the fight, when he should use it on the pull
And he spams heroic strike and rage starves making him miss BT

You said his ability usage was solid but its not really
He misses Bloodthirsts
and Bloodthirsts are far and away your biggest portion of threat
If "CoR is too much", add screech debuff
from hunter
Then its just the same as no CoR
Should be bloodthirst every 6 seconds
You can literally see his threat plateau in your graph right when he starts missing BTs
and that is when you rip

40 seconds in there should be a BT and there isn't cause he sucks at pressing buttons
and you can see the slope of the curve dip right there at 40 seconds
Then he presses Death Wish and the threat picks up again but the damage is done
He should Death Wish on the pull and press BT every 6 seconds.
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/gN1D69KWLpAGCFqT#fight=24&type=casts&source=14
Ebonroc he fails at pressing BT for like 30 seconds
5 missed BTs that is actually terrible for threat
Like, do you even know how to play your class? Levels of bad
The people that get Tfury man
Then on Flamegor he doesnt wear his cloak and dies
Nice tank man
literally carried by TF
Chromag is just as bad
It should be like 90% of the time he gets BT every 6 seconds, otherwise he probably isn't even trying to do the rotation correctly and just pressing buttons when they light up
I have been a shit tank that just presses buttons when he gets rage so I know what they look like LOL
To be an actual good tank you need to make sure you dont overuse abilities so that you have rage to hit your Cooldowns
Just slow down and make sure you hit BTs before smashing the heroic strike button
Dont use heroic when you have 20 rage and BT is coming off CD
Your  second tank is also a prot tank that can't stay second threat reliably on broodlord or even near second threat
Which means that when the MT eats Knock Away you probably gonna get the aggro
Yea
Sort of a secondary issue as even your main tank is a hard cieling currently
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/RGCH3BDpLZdbt18A#fight=6&type=casts&source=30
Windforce from Progress generally has very clean rotation
And doesnt use execute to cheese his parses
Yea and it looks like he has a Sheen of Zanza?
Ah he used the Sheen later
Yea he is missing DMT buff and WCB and Songflower.
I mean its a bit harsh if your in a casual guild to force only one person to get world buffs. That is a guild/raid level decision.
But anyone can work on pressing their buttons better
It sucks to be a DPS that goes all out in a guild where your tank cba to get buffed tho
Right. WCB is not dispellable but the other ones are so he probably did get dispelled
Yea hamstring is fine when used correctly
Hamstring when both BT and WW are on CD, esp on vael when you have infinite rage.
Hoping to get a windfury and dump an extra heroic on the windfury
Yea you would just use sunder as a tank, hamstring as a DPS because its lower rage cost. (Pummel is technically slightly more damage than hamstring but almost noone uses pummel)
You cant even use hamstring in def stance
So
Bshout already out TPS sunder in optimal condistions
the issue is that the optimal conditions are not possible in all fights
Buff Threat is spread across all targets. So Battle Shout is only effective in true single target fights
Bshout cant be parried either tho
So its not proccing stuff, but its not getting parried, its kind of an even trade there
THe real issue is the multi target thing
On Skeram there is 3 targets.
On Fankriss there is many targets
On Bug Trio same thing
On Emp same thing
Sartura same thing
I still expect to see alot of guilds trying out battle shout to make room for imp expose armor but yea might just not work on those fights.
The 15 min 400 AP battle shout? lol yea
You could weigh whether 200 more AP is better than imp expose armor, might not be.
Do they? Alliance side probably, salv gives room to just not even press sunder OR battle shout ?
Ah so they dont bother to expose on such short fights makes sense
Classic Wow baby
IIs firemaws clutch
any good
I have nem belt alrdy
I gave Firemaws Clutch to my mage friend
I have Mana Cord, T2 Belt, Angelistas alrdy
Landslide is ridiculous tbh
So easy
Pretty sure I could afk with landslide bonking on me take a pee and come back
Theres quite a few videos if you just scroll up a bit
After watching Dietz video above I did it first try
Wait can landslide farm get you banned?
https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/hhmvw0/recently_banned_im_at_a_total_loss_and_devastated/
I know
But still just checking
Shiiiit
probably not but it makes it cozier
havent tried without
but seems doable
you chug one zanza buy another
more like 3.5 but yea
Because someone claims to get banned for it on reddit
Reee how to no prof farm now
FML EU Players get all the good shit
Making gold?
Since it doesnt work in NA, its exploiting if you do in EU ðŸ˜›
What is that detect invis?
Was there an old farm with that
ahhh
Yea I know that
Yall worked hard for that one
Warlocks dont get nice tings
I really liked the feel of just dotting up everything and running away
Is there another farm like it
Like can I pull all of Tyr's Hand with swiftness and runnn lol
Or other mobs that are kitable en masse
Might actually be a good thing we'll see Ele Earth actually spike now
EU players
Yea they just get a nice 8 hr warning to farm all their shit
Yea idk I just want something fresh to farm
Mayb Tyrs Hand
Maybe GNPP recipe
Maybe Silithid Bugs
IDK someone PM me a good farm pls
Xn
Save me
Yes mara princess is super easy
Probably
I am trying to find another lazy dot n run farm
What about them chimaeroks?
You should pick a few to get 2.5 a few to not get it at all mayb
IDK how to handle rogues
I mean first week AQ
noon has idols or rep
Second week, noone will either
I think they will be prohibitively expensive first week
But yea sure
in high end guilds
some players might purchase
I wouldnt in the first weeks
SO I would assume that noone has idols or rep for first 2 weeks
Other than a scarab lord boy
No
different set of idols in 20
not the good stuff
Im planning to buy idols
not planning to buy it first week
anyways still no clue how to treat rouges
they need all 5 pieces
to just replace next phase
I feel like if your takin staff your not getting the 1her
for a while
This is the play
you take the staff
you let mages get femur
you take the atiesh
rekt
Because its not bis for healers ayy
Healers have same arguments
Not easy
But neither is Femur
Its a bit of an elitist mindset to force ppl to get fangs
Do what makes sense
theres only a few locks tho
and a feral
thats literally same argument you could say for lock
Femur
"but since they have other options they shouldnt be near the front of the line for regalia if tehy want it"
Responding to this
Equivalent to an item that take thousands of gold and hours farming rep?
Sure its not exactly apples to apples but its a similar argument, all I am saying
Do rogues who farm darkmantle get higher prio on 2.5?
Do you expect your warriors to farm titanics , in order to get prio on 2.5 legs?
Yo Runeblade of the Red is your PREBIS warlocks
go do scepter quest
if you want staff
Im just looking for some consistency here
You need to raid to do scepter quest.
Anyone does.
I still feel like we will give it to warlocks
but I dont like the fang argument
I might be overestimating the effort for scepter quest based on whats being said here
Dont you need a raid group to even do scepter quest
If your raid is helping your healers get it
Sure
so you make equivalence with your prebis arugment
but not mine
1. Titanics will not be expected of warriors in order to get T2.5
2. Runeblade of the red
mmm is volatile power worse than archmage?
I missed that
I think youd be better off buying idols than buying titanics really
If you wanted to get pants prio
You would buy titanics to skip pants
Yea
Its probably not even worth worrying about
I buy your argument more now
Nitpicking the equivalence of arguments was silly
So what if you were a lock that still didnt have lock blade even
Would you expect that lock to get runeblade
HMm
So you give the locks that never got a good weap for 5 phases
the worse weapon?
So maybe its just a w.e drop bc everyone wants something better in AQ
hahaha
Lots of possibilities
Are there any items you guys think SHOULD be mage prio?
in AQ?
staff as in shadow flame?
What about belt to locks gloves to mages
thoughts?
Okay
I figured gloves cause its 1 hit over ebony flame
that ones easy to get afaik
not worth grinding rep for?
Hmm so yea you guys will prio Broodlords head to healers? and take a back seat on the amulet for first few clears I guess?
What are true bis items in AQ?
Cthun Ring prio equal mage lock?
troo
Well
Some items are more important than others.
Does Major Firestone have any use?
Does it ever have a use in future expansions?
Hmm maybe you could hot swap it on chromag vulns
Use brain find reason
Rain of fire
THe mages do ice block things
lol pretty sure that is not the case at all
Pretty sure its for iceblock things
I still have stylus rip
Feel attacked
Skul is annoying af man
Just go aq20 neck stabi
On your alt
Its a great neck
Ppl used that over ony on  priv at least
Fck me what it called,1 sec
Blue
Forgotten swarm
There it is
Nowadays its stam shill life
So ony neck better I guess
[Onyxia tooth]
our guilds healer chat is by far the most NSFW channel
They are a bunch of degenerates
Weebs, toilet humor, noone has ever talked about healing ever
I only have my dps meter showing top 10
so I dont see hunters and locks
if thats what you mean
We giving hunters jom
And they get  silithid claw
Thry gonna cry for pugios tho
I saw hunter
I dont want full bis hunter  to quit game so
Throw them a shitty bone
They can fck off on swarmguars
And have jom
They are all good for hunters bc hunters can swap every 30s
Jom is meh thats why give to hinter
Barely better than ES and replaced by naxx
Hunters can use 6 trinkets in 1 minute fight
You shouldnt want jom bc then you lose naxx trink prio
Whats the undead dmg ring callsed
in Naxx
fuck it was bracers
I know I should sim but
Is there a good summary of when Angelistas is worth using?
k
ty
i figured as much
I have T2 belt
and MIC
thats what I figured
lol
Pretty easy to hit 315 no MD w the AQ loots isn't it
Maybe you are losing lots of spell power but like
the chest gives like 40 res or something
Can you post the gear your planning to use?

Yea this shit reallly doesnt add up to me
I was calculatiing that our warlocks would be able to go 315 SR without MD if they wore like funeral cuffs/got shadow shielding neck and one piece from AQ.
How important is threat gen even on emps
Dont you get like tons of threat for free
and you just need to survive really
and do the pull
Yea the way I see it is you do MD  for a few weeks
you get some drops
you swap
and shadow shielding neck
only phys tank gets swap threat?
That makes sense
i guess
theres a number of drops it doesnt have to be garb
Can anyone elaborate as to why the melee tank must be the one who gets swap threat?
on private, I was warrior tank and I would run out when feet glowed
and lock would come in
if we did it right he would get the aggro
yea sure on private
do you have any reason to believe that it wont work like that here?
So are you saying you reviewed some old vanilla vids
and its not possible to move during swap
?
Or are you just assuming things
Im here asking the question not trying to assert something will work because it does on private
thats what I thought Zylnada
okay
So its a guess
well
if we fcked it up on private
the melee might die to shadow bolts
while the lock overcomes him
I mean the best guilds in this game are from private servers
haters gon hate
As a warrior tank I started wearing random pieces that had bits of SR
like might boots
it helped
having like 85 SR or something
but we got pretty good at doing clean transitions
Obviously I dont expect AQ to be exactly the same as private server....
no fel infuse legs
bc big numbers good?
What is the most commonly bought runed stygian piece
What is ember
Our guild is pretty good but our locks need MD/Ruin to hit cap
I hadnt considered an emberstorm build
you guys have 13 hit in your SR gear?
go for staff
atiesh staff that is
Pass everything for atiesh
You alrdy have claw, good enough
dont take OH no atiesh for you
idk you tell me
But that OH is pretty contested
Id be pretty annoyed if you took it and also expected atiesh
Seems like it would be smartest to go for everything else
other than OH
but hey man you  do you
Just tell your LC if you been there for long time
I want OH if I cant get atiesh
our warlocks are kinda slackers so I made no promises of Atiesh - told them whoever performs the best and puts in the most effort will get it
I want to give to lock but if they dont deserve, they dont deserve
2 PIs one fight?
Dam
I got PI once for a whole MC in a pug cause my friend was there what a rush!
216 sounds low
I dont think people know for sure
ppl seem quite unsure on the value of threat vs miti on the fight
IMO threat is a bit of an after thought
tank death on this fight is a wipe
IDK about the fight but
does he wipe ignite when he TPs
it seems like a wipe waiting to happen if you have a fat ignite
and he tps
and noone ahs threat yet
right
Im just sayin for a first clear type of deal it seems much safer to lean on the mitigation side
than the threat side
If you die its a wipe
the emp will run across the room
heal
kill everything
I would think that gains of SR would be far better for mitigation than equivalent stam gains
mayb you have gear that has lots of stam and not so much SR
but
true
but its the main source
step out of a blizzard
lol
I bought both our locks the full runed styg set IDK
yea but if there is a bug next to you going to blow up
id run away
not sit there like an idiot
t2 belt is really nice
probably the most questionable stygian piece for sure
T1 pants and slippers seem bad idk
like the legs : gain 7 stamina, lose 15 SR, gain 30 spell power
no because they are getting t2 set bonus
Mayb kezans taint tho
you lose 8 spell power gain 6 stam
I think our locks will lean way heavier on SR the first time
than you
but
we'll see how it goes
IMO, if you have full buffs and flask of power
then the value of TPS in your gear is way down
so is value of stam
SR is way up
up*
Based on what
22% mitigation
is a lot man
you would need a fuck ton of stamina to make up for that
and even then its not really making up for it
???
overplaying?
We are on warlock discord lol
Yea its a lot different than bein a tank and going full + def
its more like
being a tank on rag progression
and trying to argue that your TPS is more important than FR
and then flaming healers
if you die
Sounds to me like someone doesnt want to buy/farm SR gear
and trying to justify it
Imagine if your main tank undergeared and got 1 shot on  progression fight, and then said "Well I didnt trust the locks not to rip aggro so I had to wear all threat gear"
or flamed the healers instead LOL
I did real good in badlands this weekend
If theres only like 1 contester pretty easy to push them out
James dmt buff adds a ton of hp but unlikely you have that or zg on first fight
Chimaerok chop + elixir of fort
I found a 29 SR cloth green cloak
How much you think it sell for
Lol
Youd use it over zg?
Ah fck
Yea meant chest
Rip
Someone offered 150
Cause zg chest is 35 stam
And you hit sr cap
Anyway
But youll fuck your stam budget
I thi k
Think*
You get 60 from talent
So your good
Probs have too much
Ah
Idk noone knows but you could get 40 more to be capped
You counting enchant and arthas and shit
Sm Ruin is like dead in aq isnt it
No corr slot
I feel like your imp just gonna die most fights or not be in tank range
But mayb im just a bad lock
Mortal strike was a broken ability
Before normalization and iirc its like a % of your damage
like 150% damage or something
Even old T2 set bonuses boostsed threat from Mortal Strike
arms tanking was the way
Yea
I was thinking about respeccing to that for zg last night
but the thing is Sweeping Strikes + WW must be used in zerker stance so doesnt benefit from Defiance
So I think its not really worth it
Ye
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U0nYW425Tb8
In this video
the lock mainly uses shadow bolt
Is that normal?
Thats what I thought
Is it possibly good if you dont have searing pain gloves?
I see he talks about using shadow bolt cause hes confident
in his threat
Doesnt visc do a whole buncha of nature abilities
if anything spell power is irrelevant
on viscidus
Yea I guess if you have to single target spell power becomes relevant
they go fast
youll probably get 3 casts max
if that
But I think if you have to do many phases, NR is good
otherwise yea chug a elixir shoot a wand
use a sapper
The boss is a giant slime you freeze and then shatters into  million blobs that start at outside and come together at center of room only way to kill boss is to kill all blobs
if you cant kill them all at once w sapper you must focus small groups of them down over many freezing and shattering stages
which extends the fight making you take a lot of raid dmg
Elixir of Poison Resistance is a spammable elxir that is handy for removing poisons esp for alliance
yes
killing blobs dmgs boss
I believe
but the raid dmg was quite obnoxious at least on private servers
yea
they all approach the center
and right before they come together
sapper
But the bitches move fast
you might only get 1 shadow bolt tbh
okay they get a few off
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mYOqqOjLU_c
Its not just a poison tho, hes throwing out the volleys and those clouds on the ground
Just like go kill some mara bosses get some trinkets a cloak a belt
enchant cloak
wear your tier pieces w NR on em
and probably good to go
or just have the sappers
I think it will be more like FR on firemaw where its irrelevant when your killing boss fast
but gains value rapidly as the fight goes on
That video was fast forward and is 5 minutes long lol
dip?
All I know is I did it on private server in a scuffed guild without the sappers
and the casters getting NR was very helpful
Alliance side tho
The hunter in the video at least is wearing NR I cant really tell if others are
Anything else big brain to farm now?
Are Chimaeroks doable for lock?
Hinterlands for some titanic recipe ofc?
Ele Fire xmute is out
Lots of warrs will still get them asap
Tank prio in many guilds, lets you be patient on 2.5 and focus on other bigger upgrades
Incinerate depends on your haste iirc
Its gonna dip before it ever climbs
Ppl will  unload excess supply stocked up for months from landslide and other farms
Only when that supply dries up will we see a price climb
Just dont have a boomkin in your raid?
If you let a boomer in hes gonna get your gear from time to time
No guild lets a boomer in only on the stipulation they get all loot last. If they lax enough to let him raid they will give him loot
Yea so dont let them raid
Yea exactly guy still shows up and consumes and buffs he deserves loot too
Exactly
Retarded
But ayy you have ele in raid
Thats what happens
Xn was talking about that staff on his stream a while ago
Seemed like he thought it might be good
It provided +40 SR tho cause you can use two
didnt think of that
So NR gear eh
!nr
Hmm
Pretty sure no casters got NR for huhu in any avg guild
What is the best spot to farm Large Sacs?
Wetlands?
Arent the scorpions like way fewer and far between than the wetlands spider cave?
Ill try later but I can clear two layers of spider cave and go get grave moss during respawns
If you dont get slapped
We still dont know why veklor slaps warlocks right
How can she slap
MD ruin for visc hmm
kinda big brain actually
How much better is Doomcallers than Blackwing Cabal and Mish
the individual pieces
We have an idol of death shortage. Warriors want legs. Warlocks want helm. Should I give them Idols of Death even though they have Mish?
Like its actually a downgrade?
from mish
or is it just a sidegrade
ok
logistics on release only cost me like 200 gold to complete
and I got some dude to make me extra ornate boots and made a ton of it back
I saw a guy on stream suggest summoning a voidwalker, saccing it, and resaccing imp
every swap
they wiped and ran outta shards in 3 attempts
ooo thats fancy stuff
I dont trust our locks to handle that
just stand in spot and dont wipe us pls
one of these days
hes gonna blizz you
and you wont make it back
or something
Thing about shamans is they go oom
Vs palas
So if you extend fight NR still good
Yea cleansing self more important for alli. But 160 NR gear lowers by damage taken from bolt to like 1/4
Which is big healing relief
We use cthun assignments to get ppl to spread and soften/kill blobs
Works pretty good
Aq40
you always get an 8
you just gotta deal w it
we are reliable one shotting with like only 26 sappers
Just have your whole raid soften individual blobs
pop cds after shatter
find your own blob
blow it up
then sapper
We told our raid to use their cthun positions to spread out and find blobs
worked really well
What would make you want sm ruin
Why
Does warlock ever not suck lmao
From what I've seen top guilds dont usually have this tryhard mentality.  They reward their icy chill mages and expose armor rogues for doing the lords work.
They give their CoR bot lock nice things
Letix, I too read that reddit post
Yea bc world buffs are your dps anyway loot upgrades just candy
Its all about social engineering to keep ppl happy
Not about min maxing upgradss
Probably cant go wrong stockpiling gems
robes of the battleguard any good?
for pvp?
looks like just a shittier version of 2.5
but god dam they stylish

um
worth
Can I solo chimaeroks without SL
Real  quick- felcloth or bloodtinged gloves?
i dont have time to sim lol i want to enchant one before raid
fuck it I enchanted the Bloodtinged ones
I figure the hit is probably better fully buffed
Thats why flask set is a meme
literally useless but risks problems
every guild that has flask set tank has a story about him ending up tanking in cloth
the healing is completely irrelevant
yes
^
The chance that some Diamond Flask tick saves your life is so non ecistent
its not worth it
you dont see any tanks in top guilds running flask
the threat is terrible LOL
it does barely any threat
because 90% of the time it just overheals
I just told you the downside
yea and your tank is shit
:p
look at any top guild
does their tank use flask set
if it was relevant for threat
they would use it
its not.
run a threat parser on someone using flask and see how much threat it does
its shit
Its not even necessarily because the tank is shit, like look at this example of a rogue accidentally pulling brood
and tank is in cloth
its just useless its a meme
pointless risk waste of time waste of bag slot
There is a resto shaman with nelth tear soft res in this pug kill me now
Do they even use it
Its a soft res pug
But yes I think its scummy imma argue with em
update: Ele Shaman SRing Neths Tear has a hard res on Pure Ele Band and doesnt need anythign else from BWL
He has never parsed as Ele
in 5 phases
but hes a "ele main"
Hes their  boy mans got a hard res ele band
2 main specs
My lock is my alt and people want me to swap engi for a raiding guild. 

I dont want to swap alch because I make alot of consumes for my main. How terrible is it to drop Tailoring or possibly just run no BV set ?
I have seen some people talk about just running blizzard pants and other pieces instead of BV
Its worth it when mongoose are as pricy as they are on my server
I know I can sim it, but like overall raid DPS wise, youll do beter on trash with non BV set right?
biggest danger is retards looting body loool
but Kri last also hits like a truck and can blow your tank up
shield wall it IMO
You just have to run up spamming auto loot
then run away
and you wont die
but try getting a riad to do that
Playing lock in aq is depressing man
180 curse of reck cast
Parsimg on skeram seems like you have to grief your raid
Is it bad to have only  3 hit when tank emps
I dont have tear
And like 129 sr unbuff
5k hp
Meh its really not as bad
Easy 95+ parse without cleave
99 is tough yea
Lock im like green parsing skeramlol
Hey so I know optimal use of ZHC is Corruption -> 7 bolts -> Corruption, what is optimal ToEP?
Just straight bolts right?
ty
What wand is better in TBC
hit wand or crit wand in naxx
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KhE_aZb_ubM&t=1088s

In this video he only mentions Doomfinger and not the hit wand
Just an oversight?
one mage is getting Atiesh and first restrained essence
should I be mad
hes like the mage thats been in guild since the start or something
idk
seems like a scam to me
he has tear and MQG
he has femur and OH
he has prio on dark storm
yea I joined this guild half way thru AQ phase
and have 2.5 and eye of cthun
meanwhile they have all this history based prio
so im like last on everything
and now we are talking about loot in Naxx
im not a tank we have 4 locks
but I have the gear
as requested of me to farm
yea pretty much
so his logic with Atiesh and Restrained Essence is that he might not even finish atiesh and thats all the loot he will take in naxx
and that others will have wraith blades and soulseekers
while he only gets an Atiesh after 3 months
maybe
We have 2 restos that can perma totem twist content isnt that hard
meh they are pretty similar
So are enhances
They also take debuff slot
for their stormstrike
if your tryna fill a dps slot and need a shaman to use WF your better off using ele I think
the shaman discord is an interesting place if you have never been
where they firmly believe in Enhance's place in raid teams
still
I think they banned me
Probably
ele sham dps is up there but they lack the AOE of mages or the curse of warlocks
but they have utility in their totems
Anyone got a strategy for farming holy water?
Thanks
Im looking for mayb like a solo or duo method
I can get the first box solo semi reliably
Id rather do 5 lockouts on my ownif its an option
My guild is in slandslol
Anything you would change (Warlock Naxx bags) https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/678831225984778251/783608296242282506/unknown.png
I have plenty of AV food, ill replace w mage shit if I need to
I have like 10 bank slots of AV food too im not worried about it
Fire Jujus I mean I had em so might as well take em
Yep those are in
I have troll's blood for loatheb
idk if there is anything else good there
Fire Jujus are free real estate
Are there any warlock AOE farms using the stun/daze aoe talents
ok second question can you proc daze with the aoe ability
(aftermath)
i dont think it can
Picked up the trash robe when farming for word of thawings yesterday
448 armor pog
Is this new warlock fire spec legit just better or is it a response to not having curse of shadows?
How they got room for immolate on debuff slots?
Reading through it seems to be just better if threat supports it
How did this spec come to be? Who discovered/ figured this out?
yea but these raids got 2 or more immolating locks
almost noone has shadowweaving slots
I thought I saw some 3 lock guilds running triple fire lock

what are you cutting?
to say there are weaving and immolate slots?
i guess imp bolt
interesting
yea it makes sense in 2 lock guild
but 3 lock guild seems to still not make sense
yea
dragonling isnt on there though
yea taunt makes sense
i meant weaving OR immolate slots
sorry
thats pretty cool
probably wouldnt work on our horde side with threat
but thats fun for sure
yes
its a ton of DR
its like 10% reduction or something
of phys dps
possibly. But 10% is alot and in theory your tank cn gear more threat with it
just depends where you sit on that spectrum
does this change bis gear at all?
like maybe Spell pow stronger vs crit now
because you got free searing pain crits
why do ppl hate the fire spec?
Why want uninvented?
alliance tank gets kiss and doesnt even remember to wear it
noone notices because threat is meme on ally
lol
o
yea
for sure
youll never stop threat issues on horde completely
I like that one
you like cant do dps until you get spore on horde lol
lots of warr tanks have 0 clue how to play without buffs
because they used to having infinite rage
and now they have to manage rage and they just used to spamming heroics
Our shamans never tremor on gltuh anyways
if your tank is good all the melee can LoS the fear by stepping to the side
and its barely even a DPS loss
we just have a second tank riding threat meter
works fine
lets our tank drop stacks too if he needs it
using the fear
never occured to me how carried ally is on this fight - Fear Ward, Salv AND BOP all super relevant
warriors have 3 fear immunes already
but yea the trinket is good to have just in case
in theory they can take the res just before polarity goes out
good way to wipe the raid though
well i guess maybe hes thinking he can rip, die and keep pumping
for max parse
lose your buffs lol
noggen probs
but you can use the festival mug too
Seems to me that hunter no 1 DPS single target and that they actually hve a rotation
warlock is just spam 1 button?
i mean you have 2 buttons and then you also gotta manage the pet right
yea usually hunters are beating locks from what I see
something something it might still work apparently
I wouldnt be calling anything a fact at this point
thats all
https://www.warcrafttavern.com/tbc/dps-rankings/

i think its based on a number of privates that may or may not be blizzlike
but private was pretty accurate for vanilla
Rets always have a spreadsheet that says they will do 3K dps
something something if they implement seals proccing each other
You dont know if that is pure ret data or diluted by prot pala
Whats wrong with that site?
Its using Legacyplayers info
"These rankings are based upon in game data recordings from multiple raids provided by archives from wwsscoreboard.com, legacyplayers.com, and other sources and will be updated as official TBC Classic is released and progresses"
I just tried to click to TBC from your link and I got system overflow exception lol
I heard ferals are really solid and the druid DPS might be diluted by boomkin
in that graph
same for prot/ret pala
Whats the affli rotation
Doesnt destro just pump harder
And affli is just for CoE/boss dmg decrease debuff
Is it just keeping all dots up with shadow bolts in between
My friend has some nether protection spec for tanking a boss in kara
just a meme
?


its boosting COS too though?
so if you have more locks still good?
wtf
ahh ok
my friend took this on private for kara prog.... some aoe imp boss he was tanking

meme or legit?
Yea actually you could have this in standard spec
I see
DS/Ruin could reach it
these destro talents are so dirty


dam you actuallly reach all the way to shadow and flame
no shadowfury so sad
Affliction spec still gets ruin?
Melediction / Ruin or Malediction DS
or take UA?
UA really better than 15% shadow dmg?
or your just going destro no matter what?
alright
Cant do SM DS ++ ?
not enough action in rest of the DS talents I guess
yea
our warlocks moaned for atiesh (not that I dont think they should get it)
But I dont think they realised what they signed up for
I was thinking if you have enough dot slots you might cast bolt very little
or not at all
and SM/DS ++ for seed dmg
would be fat right
you mislink?
or mistype?
yea guess thats neat
id rather have UA and try to just keep dots up and never cast bolt
if Im gonna try some spec like that
3*
as affli you cast dots alot though
with UA in the mix
There could be
ah shit
your right mb
yea yea my b
Bruh you got the LEGENDARY bis staff
you want t4 weap too?
hehe
warrior rerolling warlock masterclass confirmed
thank you vanilla locks
for your services of atiesh
doesnt mage atiesh get so gutted its not even good
mage cuck gets out of it
by mage atiesh being dog
Yea^
90% of locks still dont know raven hill or anything else
Isnt that what they do in classic as is tho
lmao dont most guilds give to locks not mages
he was in for a surprise
for what 6 more weeks til the mages all have to reroll
What is proper way to duel warrior as SM/Ruin? If he uses reflector well and just bursts down your VW shield
I was trying to not use LiP
but fair
alright
succ is pretty outplayable I find
rocket helm/fear on pet
yea but if your fast you just hit helm on the succ
intercept the warlock
and hes fucked
not when casting
hmmmm is that true
coulda sworn you can see the succ and respond
I mean I do that all the time
but I have also duelled on my warr and rocket helmed pets coming out of invis
Ye I just retested it
mayb it was the pet stay thing yea
or just batching lol
420
~~blaze~~ searing pain it
what does 40/40 mean
99s on every boss?
oh splinters no shit
heh
People knew that before wow classic
I played tank on private servers and it was the same
The difference was how it is calculated, and how 5 weapon skill is a hard break point that adds 1% hit
but we knew that you got roughly 3 hit from 305 skill
it was just more of a linear formula on private than a hard break point at 5 skill
planning to have alts on spellweave and main on shadow
Dont have anything crazy just one 60 alt that happens to be tailoring
thinking about using boost on a second
What is needed to boost 300 tailoring to a point that it can make the cloths?
Is 300 all I need?
Im talking to boost past 300 I know how to level to 300
Heard I can do mooncloth for a bit of it
Need 350
good info, I bought a buncha cheap felcloth
I agree about the SR thing. SR is SR. But its also fucking lame to be a fully geared resto shaman coming in resing Tear for your ele spec you literally never play. Noone wants to come to SRs where theres 5 restos on Tear.
But simple solution
dont take them to raid
Ye
Its a bit diff now with TBC looming
Yep
Pretty shameless though
Theres a certain amount of good faith that keeps SR runs not toxic
like me not resing rejuv gem for my d flask on my geared out warrior
or to sell it
once people strat resing items they dont need , or to sell to others
run gets toxic
sure now w TBC resing Tear more justified
Im using the rejuv for my main spec
your using it for your offsepc
can make bullshit arguments all the time
thers good faith that keeps SR pugs healthy and not aids
you wont fill any casters if you let healers res tear
lol I mean I can fill heales even if I hard res rejuv
so ????
disagree just need like 3 good healers to carry BWL, rather have good DPS
dont even really need to be good either
Yep
We dont make hard rules but if people wanna game the system like gettting buddies to res items for them, selling items to others in the run, we just wont take them anymore. Might as well run GDKP at that point.
everyone is desperate for a BWL pug thats not GDKP , rejuv being open is enough to attract healers.
Im surprised you have never seen a SR pug that says something like MS > OS though
Anyway, how good is tear even in tbc for all these casters
Seems pretty good for lock
not super amazing though
"im MS ele even though I have no gear and literally never played ele in raid, grunt in pvp"
hehe
im ele in spirit
Rotgrip never felt worth to me
Maybe if you have ench
so much time spent to get stupid slippers
Yes, buy the felcloth my pets
raise that price up HIGH
Think those shenanigans are for leveling
its just gonna be DS ruin still isnt it
or ember DS
Would he tho?
3 warlocks so he is adding 45% of 1 warlocks damage
and his damage itself is dog
thats not holding a candle to the lock's CoE damage + his own damage
never mind CoR
I mean this shit is solved alreeady
Theres a reason you dont see spriest  + 3 lock in top guilds
Naxx or otherwise
I counted our debuffs we aint got room for a debuff that adds 45% of a warlock (and takes multiple slots to do so)
Dragonling
Yea you should CoR and let your rogue pump
and yea screech/dragonling
just cause you cant screech on one fight doesnt mean you should bring a whole spriest
why
eh if you really dont feel you need the DR
but your tank should be able to wear more threat gear
given screech uptime
yea alliance?
But the bosses that have threat issues are the ones where you cant.....
only feels bad because its blue
i mean lack of stam sucks but
Tear seems solid too
skipping scryer and what not
hmmm
if you had both would you still go scryer?
Meh im really not concerned about side gradey pieces like that
Nice to get but
Your dps is dog as lock anyway wear frost res so healers can focus on the dps that actually pump
How much dps are you gaining when fully buffed vs how much chance of death mitigated with a bit of frost
Okay and what like 575 dps in frost gear?
Does a resist remove pushback too?
Lol
gaining 100 frost res is better than whatever minor tid bit of dps you get from the few pieces you swap
unless your just degen parsing and confident you wont die because your guild is leeet
casters have so much of their dps coming from flask /buffs, the survivability increase totally outweighs the DPS increase
we get 1k DPS with that frost res on thought
locks do good damage on saph yea
point?
yea lol
idk how your unique situation on saph is relevant at all
yep
but muh parses bro
i cant get good parse if I dont wear full dps gear
fallacy
someone else fucking up makes it more important
to not die
not less
not really but that could be an argument
im just saying you should wear frost gear
if your not a zug brain parsemonkey
and dont you blow those just lifetapping
HP = mana
if it saves you 1 wipe over 3 months thats a whole rebuff and like 40 hours of time save collectively for your guild
you wanna degen for parse go ahed but theres no way that 1% of your dps is more value than frost res
unless your routinely wiping at 1% hp KT
how much damage do you gain using the gear, vs damage reduction
this should be the convo
not hand waving about "you resist or you dont"
so it doesnt matter
1% dmg doesnt matter either
what
You're rolling that 1% crit even increases your dps at all
or whatever your losing in dps
if you gain 25% resist, thats a 1.25% chance you resist ALL the frost bolts
you probably gain less than 1.25% dps to begin with
I mean your death is a massive dps loss
but your changing the odds, just like your changing the odds of doing X dps
I think they are quite comparable
id post pieces but I dont know whats optimal for locks to drop
lets do the math
as someone who has seen my life saved by wearing that marginal frost res, more than once on that fight, I disagree that the dmg is too spiky to make frost res wotrth
well lets do the math
instead of your anecdotes
Hand waving is the same as an anecdote man
its no  more relevant
do the math
"the damage is kinda too spiky to worry about" != hand waving
okay dude
sim the dps difference first
lets see just how tiny it is
esp when buffed and flasked its gonna be tiny as fuck
yea but when you die you lose 100% of your damage
reductive argument sorry we dont hump locks with a dedicated PoHer?
and KT is a fight where a bunch of small mistakes add up, yea sure if your KT kills are always clean as fuck dont wear frost gear
gimp the dps by wearing some frost gear lmao
yea im sure your so gimped
imagine having to help the raid by losing the tiniest bit of dps
so your kills are always clean as fuck because your healers are gods?
Go no frost res
melee dont usually die to frost blast
but it has happened
Yea thats a metric shit load
Just looked at your runs, looks like at least 2 priests die every KT kill you do
what happens when your PoH boy dies
the topping dps warriors in your run still wearing frost res
Frost ward?
Ironic indeed
yes, paladin mana and salv big boosts on that fight
6 caster deaths on your last KT guess yours are trash too hey
20 deaths on KT  2 weeks ago
one of your shamans killed themself with a dark rune
sounds like he needed some mana, maybe if yall wore frost gear hed have it
im not butt mad. You are the one who refused to math and then tried to say " o your healers must just suck"
one glance at your raid shows your talking out of your ass
you made it personal not me
I didnt call anyone a degen
You took me saying that refusing to wear frost res only makes sense for degen parsing
as a personal insult
yea and even top pumpers like Nhars run frost res outside of their DMF parse run
because fuck griefing your raid for 1% dps
they also make the amount of %dps lost by wearing frost res much smaller
still wanting to see how much % dps is lost by wearing 2 pieces of frost res
with and wihtout buffs
25% chance to resist bolt is 43% to resist at least one bolt in a 4 bolt fight
well they are killing themselves w dark runes in your runs while casters die to frost bolts lmao
if you were top notch guild FrR would matter way less
and even in top notch guilds they wear it
^
â¤ï¸
1- (3/4)^4
i did the math wrong its actually higher
at least one frost bolt = 1 -  chance to not resist all frost bolts
Thats exactly the math I did btw
1- (3/4)^4 = 0.68359
so you have a 68% chance to resist at least once
like I said I scuffed the calc the first time and its actually higher than my original statement
we prioed the bvine break pieces to warlocks
no mages cried
yea tbh I think judging ppl based on having or not having UDC set is a bit much
unless your in a real sweaty guild
but bitcing about the chest
Isnt it only like very barely bis when you have all the gears and you lose tons  of stam/man to use it
yea being entitlted to chest is bad
not having UDC
meh
Thats not what it says on mage disc
And you lose tons of stam and mana
Hmm mayb updated
No
Def not
Yea and it said it was very min/max at the start of naxx
there was a pin
Is 6% only on the ignite holder ?
Yea im on mage disc I dont see these "UDC is bis ppl"
I see same shit I said
barely bis
min max
lose tons of stamina

BRUH
this is what they post
in their spreadsheet
UDC =  p6 bis
is what that says
if you read it
lmao
no the wording there is werid
your mis interpreting skycrab
I mean you make grand statements like everyone says its massively better than anything else
and its not
and I go to mage disc and your just wrong
its literally exactly what I said, if you have a perfect set of gear with the right hit pieces its min/max bis
changing your statement now
now its just bis is bis
lol
Dude you were wrong about it and about the statement on mage disc
dont care enough to go on about it
I dont need to ask they have a pinned sheet about it?
i did my reading
You said I was wrong that its very min/max
you said it was significantly better than other options
you were wrong
come on bruh


you said regardless of other pieces you were wrong

when they say ph6 bis they mean like naxx gear
when they say its == ph6 bis
they mean its equal to naxx gear
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1oBLpkPYyFZKfeWqellCYajjXPYYSj4vFO-QWXbPYPg8/edit#gid=988300661
pinned in mage disc
^yep
and thats exactly what I said
and skycrab told me I was wrong
I agreed it was bis
no no you gonna have to scroll up to read mate
im not rehashing a whole convo fuck that
dont care enough
No I said it was very min/max bis
and skycrab said it was always the best by a good margin
smh you already lost plenty clearly gfoty
kekw tell me again how your healer comp means you dont need to use frost res
thats not trolling
you were just being an diiot
you said
regardless of other gear
you were wrong
no
lmao do you not read
or do you not believe their spreadsheet
or are you seriously still failing to read it?
the mage disc says that naxx gear  == UDC unless very specific set . Its doesnt say its always bis no matter what. Its literally exactly what I said. Its min max bis and loses stam/mana.
18 dps and you lose stam int literally exactly what I said
bruh you got btfo and ran away on the frost res thing  fuck off mate
hater
tell us again why your godly healers mean you dont need frost res and everyone else just sucks
the godly healers that die evry kt kill lmao
they press buttons when 3 priests die every time you kill KT?
your right only skilled healers die 4 KTs in a row, your guild is very good
i have no idea what your talking about and im not doing this here. Maybe you should go read how that discussion panned out before you keep rehashing yesterdays bullshit
hardest part is arguing over what strat to do lol
think we'll just use the same LC/wishlist system works great
10 mans just annoying to have LC ppl in both runs always
lmao ^
we have transparent wishlist and loot history, anyone complains we just show them all the gear they got and exactly why they didnt get X piece
super fucking easy
rogue GMs are the worst GMs
true
I feel like you join a streamer's guild you know your signing up to be a simp
simps
twitch chat boys
Ppl still complain in DKP and EPGP
In my experience DKP systems are often set up to benefit the person who made the system with gamed item costs
just LC with extra steps
We have this hybrid system of loot list and LC and get very little complaints
So does a good LC
the thing I like about LC is you can fix mistakes with LC
You just give the guy you fucked over a piece
DKP problems are really hard to fix
like hunters taking DFT/melee weaps with their DKP
and at that point its just LC with extra steps IMO
Because double active trinket is bis
at this point better for rogues
Onslaught loot system seems to have killed the guild
all their old players fed up with it
and leaving
lol, not even close. And they run multi active trinket swap next phase anyways
they stop using it after one phase man. Rogues at least use that shit all game long
and iirc DFT doesnt fit properly into their itemization with full T2 in p3
because theey get 2 hit from their enchants
Yea hunter cried about accuria, so we gave to him, he never used it
my warr still needs it for pvp bis set ðŸ˜¦
lol prestors is the tiniest upgrade for everyone
so funny how much ppl care about that item
..... no  lol there are many upgrades that are much bigger than a prestors
almost every upgrade
idk man you telling me hunters get same dps as warr/rogue from DFT..... you lost me dude
Trinkets and weapons are both more than that
wot
how
Yea cause rogue scaling is ass outside of weapon damage
warriors are alot diff tho
I mean theres been revelations about Wskill since. Ahl using Gressil + Mala/R14 axe over normal axe combos
I dont think it was actually a downgrade
any particular loot distribution is statistically unlikely
you actually have ppl yelling over zoning in / killing the cat?
Just a buncha diff GFKPs  isnt it
jesus thats actually retarded why are they on WCL
I knew they got flask for killing 4HM
Yea thats what I thought
They have some kinda raider points thing I heard
like they get stuff for killing bosses
buying token
id be down for hourly ony ngl
always having buffs for shit would just be fun
because they do as they please in china
china isn't run by blizzard
hahaha
yea that sounds legit
they actually get flasks for all 40 raiders after kill 4HM though
imagine if your 40 man gdkp all had flask
Noobs got caught cheating times too right
starting the hunter petri pull before ppl log in
They got a PTR too
so they can practice their degen pulls as much as they want
Anyone who hasnt watched the Noobs run should lol
multiple wings of trash in one pull
muh black book never drops
thats a AQ item mate
I stay in my guild and avoid the gdkp shit but worried econ in tbc will be straight fucked cause of it
Are they capping your gold at all
It gets nerfed kinda hard
Bc I think they didn't want ppl to use it
Cause your a prot pala
No dude
Paladins always have a sheet that says they do 3k dps and 3k threat
Druids are the fury prots
Our warr tank is conflicted not sure if he should reroll
I think well want warr for prog
Ye
Thats what I said
2x feral speedrun with IEA seems very far off still
Head in the clouds type thing
And we dont even speedrun
Yea we dont know
Id they give dual spec he can go arms but yea thats what my tank worried about
Feeling useless at times
My prediction is threat is an issue ppl remember cause of lust stacking. And they will kill lust with sated
Seems likelt
Imo
Seems like lust stacking will trivialise game just like world buffs
And ruins parsing too
the legion client already prevents the group swapping used in TBC
theyll have to change it back
for instance, right now I cant swap my group to battle shout another group
when I swap back they lose the buff
so for lust swapping in this client you gotta leave the sham in the group for duration of bloodlust, swap him back with the enhance
enhance loses shout for the duration
aids
they need to fix it or put sated
what do you think blizz will do
put sated
make em go fire right?
Its gotta be a dps gain for them to run fire if you have 4 locks?
https://www.warcrafttavern.com/tbc/dps-rankings/

better than linking one random raid
I just think there will be less "fake hardcore" guilds
The reason so many guilds try to speedrun classic is becuase its boring as shit
nothing to do
But being in a 1hr AQ "speedrun" guild with officers being super sweaty is lame as fuck
To some
Yea but being in a guild thats really casual / semi hardcore tahts trying to copy speedrun strats, fishing for hours before AQ, all to wipe to some dumbasses not killing an eradicator
its fuckin aids
leave the speedruns for the sweaties
Yes exactly
39 others who want to play like you
24 others more manageable
lel
you can tell those people a ways out from my exp
they are raid logging to begin with
always crying about loot but not showing up with min/max consumes and buffs
hahaha
its to be expected tho
neveer give 1 person all the loots
theyll quit
yea
lmao
they'll still cry about melee weapons and slayers
forever
its ok
im so scared of hunters in TBC
the amount of entitledness now
when they actually do good dmg hunters gonna bee aids as fuck
idk why ppl pick hunters and then never pull mobs and  drink betweeen packs for their dps
I hate hunters
if I played hunters Id play the shit outta pulling packs minigame
pulling packs nah
crying about ashkandi only to try melee weave once and never again
yes
love mine too
the one thats still here
the rest were abuncha retards
lmao
we had one throw a fit overe blastershot launcher
in first MC
made us let him roll
he won it
next week I saw him with his leaf bow
and yea, even our great hunter who is really awesome, threw a fit over accuria
and then never used it
I busted out the bis lists from discord
he didnt believe me
said he thought it would be good for his weird hybrid set of AQ and T2
never used it
"Honestly I have been here since the beginning, only thing I need from MC, shouldnt I be able to have a chance at it just to try it out"
bruh now im still scuffed as fuck for PvP
but you got your accuria
and then everyone says warriors are loot whores
while 10 warriors pray for a ring /belt to drop
tank warriors
dps warriors just get fucked sideways
get fuckedd by rogues hunters and tanks all at once
When you have 20 warriors in a raid they dont get loot fast no matter how much prio  you give them
so yea warrirors get super salty when rogues/hunters take their shit
Theres certain game patterns that lead to loot whores within classes
Like getting all your loot in 1 month
makes you care so MUCH about accuria
even though you dont need it
same thing with rogues getting full tier sets and then crying warriors geteting sword prio
they cant get the 1 item they want
so they cry
rogues cry wheenever brown gets a piece
If a warrior is trying to take shit thats not in his lane hes a whore
like shadowflame boots
shit like that
but warriors being protective of their loot is natural
shadowflame worse than some
tanks are the worst
esp ally tanks
that think they need every dps piece in game to do threat
Then tanks put all dps items on list
and colleect tank loot
for free
rogues put all warr items on list
then collect tier
for free
hunters do the same
I agree LC should be transparent
I dont agree strict loot lists without additional prio
like warlock on tear for example
We use a combo of people's wishlists and loot history to justify any LC decision
typically if your highest on list you just get it, or you roll if equal to others
but if your looted
and someone isnt
well think about that
I mean thats what it is for all rogues and hunters in naxx right now vs our warrs
3 pce per warr
rogues have 8+
and crying about weapons and trinkets
they get fucked by the nature of no fury loot
and then other classees wanting the few pieces that are good for fury
^
everey other class has what 5 belts at least
OSG liteerally only belt till mentor
and tanks yoink mentor
and tank yoink osg
warblades were dogshit
your wrong Tavin
your just wrong
neverending agony is straight worse than OSG
and rogues take it
i wouldnt even try to takee agony from rogue
yea exactly, but rogues freak out if you go for agony despite still wearing ZG belt
P1 for caster is bad
but not as bad as warrior looot for whole game overall
p1 for lock is bad *
you get 2 pces of good tier
a helmet thats basically endless rage
we didnt even get prio on dft
tanks than rogues
yea and then they get AQR anyways
CTS better for warr
AQR better for rogue
blizz just didint make fury loot early on
even OSG was an item added after patch originally
they figured it out a bit in AQ and then finally in naxx made loot for just us
but the tanks take it in naxx anyways
even wheen ally and have salv
and even in naxx each piece is more rare than tier tokens
Yea that bc warrs want axes on horde
And windfury makes dagger kinda shit
You can blade flurry backstab too
Daggers pump if they have energy
Realistically rogues should use daggers/ iblis/ casti/ claw on horde. But try telling rogue to leave kt swords for warrior.
Its not bad but its not really great either
They refuse kingsfall refuse claw
Ofc
Yea but instead of going for easy to get loot they insist on kt swords
And literally refuse upgrades
"claw is better"
" I dont believe you"
"I have been swords all of classic and still using a BWL sword in off hand"
"why wont warriors just use the axee off noth"
k wee should talk about warlocks beefore the mods kick me
so uhhh mages suck
is Blade of eternal darkness good in TBC
for aoe farming shenanigans or anything
do you even aoe farm anything as lock
if it still procs 1ce per cast, but every hit of the aoe can proc
kinda good it seems
I guess locks dont care about mana as much
sac a void tap for days
lmao
like all the windfury craving warriors
thats good
Does anyone run fire horde side? Can it work without salv?
Because you need to cast immolate
alliance only for fire?
Imagine your better off just throwing up corruptions
than going fire
I thought you were saying you had free slots cause no weaving
like spam it
and no searing pain?
Yea how can that be the play
They have open slots
He doesnt actually have weaving
or SW Pain
yes
but hes saying should I go fire to use dem slots
or just cast corr
GOA pretty good
SM ruin isnt still thought to be better if you have corr slot is it?
I tried SM Ruin with nightfall proc and it still felt worse than DS
thought so
something about the way DS  % dmg scales?
vs SM
lol but when is that relevant
kekw
In my alt lock guild we had a pvp guy who forced sm ruin yelled at everyone else if they used corruption
and took all the loot
do we get any new spells @ 60 on pre patch
Thats it tho?
incin and seed later
Felguard black book is unreal tho
Soul link Felguard build in pvp?
thats gotta be OP as shit
UA is great too
shadowfury kinda memey but ye
The deep destro talents are dirty
what abilities does felguard have
cleave and charge?
lmao intercept and soul link
how can you ever die
what class gets the most outta prepatch
in terms of dps
lol
i mean warrior rage gen is fucking gutted for one
and no death wish in fury tree
its lookin real bad for warr dps lmao
half the rage and no death wish is a lot, while others are the same or buffed
half the rage right now is bad even with buffs
for warr
thats def gonna hurt
Ele gains the windfury for lightning spells
as well

isnt this basically 10% dmg boost for ele?
20% chance to cast second half dmg spell
yeaaa I dont think kill times going down*
my bad
does buff slots increase too
can we just go hog wild with consumes
infinitely better seems pretty crazy
more fun for lock for sure
Where is all this dps going to come from
to go to one air phase
debuff slots?
Its not like ele shams are all of a sudden warrior dps levels
rage gen.....
halved
and death wish lmao
fury prot fucked too
yea fuck
tru
i guess thats where the big dps gain is
pala buff/shaman totem
all of horde getting kings pretty huge
or all of ally getting w fury
totem of wrath
its a aq20 boe
how much gold are you guys packing to buy gear in TBC
you can respec your tailor spec right
so make all your spellcloth, then swap to shadow, make all that, etc
100 iirc
345 *
bag goes grey at 345 I think
BUY ALL THE FELCLOTH
I already did XD
raise them prices
eh Im hoping to make a buckaroo
true though
I always did soul shard farming at azshara demons
get rune and shard same time
do pets get world buffs
can you get any wild buffs on your felguard
o baby
rip
the shit talking if you outparse warriors with your little pet warrior
glorious
why would patch clap felguard
prolly wipe ppl with it on thaddi tho
no idea lol
Is there a "pet move to x location command"
imp maybe
melee pet
could chain
thats true
I dont think that is confirmed or unconfirmed just superstition
I mean melee stack is good, doesnt mean you cant have good kill times deviating from that a bit
especially in naxx, where many classes are starting to pump well
And yea range on KT good
alot of guilds "speedrun" but need to rebuff for fucking gothik if they wipe or lose too many on raz LOL
World buffs are a massive crutch that make shitters think they are good
lol I think Onslaught WAS good and alot of their talent left/doesnt give a fuck anymoree
still way better than my guild probably but I havent watched them much in naxx
besides the salv loot salt clips
ehhhh think you can still kill everything without a rebuff with 25 warriors
warriors still topping meters when buffs are lost
KT and saph obvs tricky without buffs
ye
like if there was alot of cleave mechanics and your losing warrs because of no stam buffs
id agree
but thats not really the case
they still flasked
haha
Why would warrior wear anni but not the enhancer?
Yea I dont think anyone will use anni
but I was trying to understand your meming
if the warrior MT threat caps us warlocks cause hes using a dogshit weap
the enhance easily loses less
what
ok
I dont get it
I mean your first statement is about why we might not use warriors
because they threat cap us
then you meme that threat shoouldnt be an issue because of all these threat drops
I guess its supposed to be funny or something
wow 30k for a spellcloth?
wot
you think ppl will actually buy spellcloth at crazy prices day 1
vs waiting like 3 days
or making their own
wouldnt the race to first types already have tailors
of course
but that just means you get your shit later
indeed
but there is all sorts of things you can do to create a pile of gold come launch
without fucking your own gear progression up
to each his own of course
Im hoping felcloth gonna pay off
as the premier way to rush your tailoring
and price will go up
but also buying various other things
thorium ore for prospectors
groms
etc
yep
and then shill them here
so more ppl invest
and create profits
XD
yea same
its not really about rushing but I wanna get shit done efficiently
well I only got 3
google
can just go spell early
and respec to shadow
can you reroll to gnomish in TBC
from goblin
Want easy caverns of time TP
well yea if your playin fire
You rush spellstrike
Then you get spellfire or shadowweave
Spellstrike is just tailoring
Youd want spellfire and just not wear shadowwaeve i think?
Well you can be fire and still haveall the shadow bonus
Minus Fsw*
Yes
For ST
Interesting thinkcrafting
Ty
No afaik
But fire has never been the meta on private vanilla either
Look at us
Now
Ppl put more effort into min max on the classic live
Than on private
Yes
What
Nah they definitely went extra sweat for classic vs private
Why was noone fire lock inany private vanilla guild
Where was the 25 warr stack
Not to this degree
I mean we can go pull up logs of private but this is so blatantly obvious to me
that I am surprised your even arguing
the fuck
how am I ignorant
https://legacyplayers.com/Raids/Viewer/?id=35495&exp=0&upl=56768
salad bakers on private
4 locks
random buncha rogues
10 warriors
all the guilds' comps were like this
there you go theres some data
But I am ignorant
and the content was HARDER on private
and they slacked more
just facts
classic is the real ddeal all the marbles
ppl care more
look how many guilds have a 30 minute AQ on private
vs classic
and yea its easieer, but they also had trash skips on private
Private servers were right about alot of things. They were also wrong about ALOT of things
onyxia fireball has a threat drop?
heroic strike magic completley changed gearing for warr
as did weapon skill magic
But people wrote more things down about TBC should be more accurate not less I think
classic itself isnt exactly 1:1 wtih vanilla either
Yup
dont be like warriors and assume a whole buncha shit then look stupid
test everything
figuring out weap skill doesnt reduce parry chance 6 phases in
human tanks been wearing edgies + warblades for 3 phases literally retarded
Ye to share knowledge and figure shit out not just assume private server meta will be the same
classic was so different from any private I have ever played on tbh
diff itemization diff boss mechanics diff gearing diff meta specs diff economy diff consumes
diff attitudes
fuckin parsing
magically making your offhand not miss
Yea but it wasnt on private
thats the point ?
Yea I should really stop
typing
like
this
fuck
Like the whole devilsuar set ended up being not even prebis
killed the biggest world pvp zone from private
tho thats partly blizz fault for fucking spawn rate
I dont really get why its a parse spec not a speedrun spec can you explain
mage AOE suck in fire spec?
ah yea
and fel dom has a cd
Is 15% dmg on seed really better than 15% fire damage to kill bosses faster ?
I thought there wasnt a ton of AOE regardless
I dont know the content well enough to comment
nor will I be speedrunning it
but
it does seem that saccing a bit of aoe dmg isnt the same as going full ST comp
and I was under the impression you dont seed a ton in these raids
but who knows what speedruns are capable of
the pulls they do in classic are crazy
ye
seed of corrpution
thats why I am farmin fetish
and ppl here told me I wouldnt use it
I decided I dont trust people here
:p
p much
well I guess theres not enough active ppl on disc to call ppl on being wrong
or mayb I was just on at a bad time
Sac imp for fire
use as much NR as I can
barov to shatter faster
ramsteins
fuck I still dont have rockfury on my lock
have BAA
should I bother w that shit for tbc
thank god
im trusting you because you told me the answer I wanted
thanks
its my main in tbc
what
dont need em
I mained lock in actual vanilla
you dont have my blessing
rekt
I got 2 lock atiesh simps ready to hump me and  all
guess you prolly get exp for the turn in post tbc patch
maybe ill do it
T3 lock with necro cloak looks so good, didnt realise how that shit matched
then youd only wear 2 pces
that wouldnt be fun
meh i like the best looking set being the last set
but bloodvine vest is a crime against humanity
as a warlock I wouldnt really complain about quality of tier sets
I think T3 looks amazing
and all the tier for warlocks continues to be some of the best sets in the game going forward
at least you get to wear yours
warriors wearing T3 is borderline trolling
90% of the time
Alot of really nice stuff in T5 / T6
T5 lock and T6 warr some of my tops
but yea I think all the naxx sets look really nice
not a bad take
Yea im w that
lock T3 is amazing super spooky to run into a T3 lock in the world
What kinda HP do some of you pvpers hit
in your T3
6k unbuf?
im pretty jelly , alt guild fell apart 3 times so stopped raiding lock
never got much loots
just hand me downs, then guild break up
6.4K SL lol
insane
i think my warr would still just casually die to dots if you had 6.9k HP SL
regardless of how much dmg you do
ye not really for bg
Yea thats what Im wondering
how did he rip if that was legit what he did
tranq air + dimi pop
is such low threat surely someone else would rip
righjt but surely some caster or hunter is above you
if you used grace and diminution
tranq*
kinda sus
but if that story true your OT should be benched
the fuck is wrong with your guild
and threat
no horde aint quite like tht man
30 seconds is a really long time
to wait on any boss
Well, no
Your whole casters are playing like this on the regular
which implies this is a normal thing for threat to be dogshit
never even heard of ppl using diminution and shit
on stalagg/feug
its just button pressing really
even at 0 hit you shouldnt rip off me if I press my buttons correctly
if you wand for 30 s
you cant even blame gearing on that shit
think it raises the skillcap because you have to actually be good to use it
and you can bait it out
if you can react it like a batched vanish
its kinda dumb like whoever cast first just gets rekt by reflector
lol
I dont see how the rules of reflector as is
prevent you from doing that
sounds like its just not implemented
doesnt work
yea thats not related to having to prepop reflector
thats just reflector not working as expected
ever do that glitch in SSBM where you get two foxes reflecting back and forth and it eventually crashes the whole game?
god thats so cringe
-24 stamina
-400 dps
Imagine you get a OP ass pvp weapon from your guild, highly coveted, and you force it to literally make you a liability in pve
and then probably never even que a bg
one of ours tried to come as arms
our raid leader was like " I want you all to try your hardest tonight, that means not using weapons that lower your dps and drop your stamina"
it takes actual skill to kill boss yet perform so badly
I bet 90% of grey parses are just wipes
to actually kill a boss w full greys is a feat
put pet very far away
call pet to you during sap
idk what else
ye
it runs really fast
skull to break sap?
I think dueling rogue, no gadgets, no fel dom
kinda just asking to lose
goblin rocket boots pretty good vs rogue tho and you dont need engi to have those
Meh I still feel kinda dirty lipping in a duel
open world anything goes
but someone just tryna duel you outside of org not spending any consumes and you just lip his face meh feels dirty
if some dude duels you and hes got 4 gadgets on and is basically "tryhard" than sure
They were thinking that the 40 ppl they have in classic want to farm shitty raids to gear the 25 they bring to TBC
we have wishlist system and if you want items for TBC then put it on there
not gonna magic prio new items to certain ppl just cause TBC come out
Maybe in prepatch we throw some phylacs to the ppl who need em
should be fine to give the ppl who wishlisted phylac for pve in classic and still have plenty for TBC dpsers
np
Is there a way to stop ppl from entering a BG
couldnt enter battle for long time when I got DMF
BG queue pop
Accept res
pop wall/petrified/LGG/FAP
Get dotted up
Get DMF from Sayge
Coiled
Spamming Enter Battle its not working
Dots ticking but Im a chad with shield wall
after like 10 s of frantically clicking enter battle I zone into AB with like 1/4 HP
AFK out
have buff and good to go
Just curious if there is some kinda griefing method stopping me from clicking it
(I am clicking the little horde button not the broken popup)
what would have been telltale of them stoping it
oo thats nice ty
o yea
they wouldnt have targeted me to that extent
interesting though
Melee prio in the sense of loot now not loot in TBC?
If theres casters without Tear
Id consider it too
I mean some melee like myself have like 5 trinkets
id want a mark too, but Im sure it would be better off in a caster's hands
If you got a DFT and a kiss and a badge
mark is nice n all
but your not really benefiting as much as some tear-less caster
we use wishlist system regardless
just sorta playing devils advocate
also mark is just bis over essence isnt it
like sure short fight essence wins
but not alot of short fighs
neth tear + mark of champion sounds OP as shit
how long for seal  > ess
or I guess its rune of the dawn
for casters
rip
ye
how is this any better than bg queue
bg queue dispells all the dots on you
atiesh just leaves you in front of kara
we get it you have atiesh
I dont think youd be alive using atiesh to buff on my server
ppl are gonna coil you insta
your not even taking that port
auto accept bg queu is easy as hell dont really need an alternative
and it dispells all the dots you might have so bis
the people who petri flask are amazing
BG Q method kinda just owns tho
we gonna be doing this in TBC too?
Seems like it
it is but then you play on dead server
getting these buffs on pvp servers isnt what I would call fun
by any means
how is it fun to try to pick flower and some same faction boomkin comes and sits on it
how is it fun to have to get your freind to bg queue you while you run back to get DMF
it was on fun on private with no cd on the buffs, you just run ony zg eachweek and drop your own as a full raid
mayb do some real world pvp on the way
my guild did the worst rebuff of any rebuff ever the other day
kill runthak, decide to go zg to get buff while he respawns, tell people to go fast. 
Guy who has heart swaps chars and misses zeppelin on both chars.
Locks dont summon as soon as we get to island despite being told 3x to, get their zanzas instead
Middle of summoning guy with heart's second char, someone drops the Ony we were supposed to get. 

Fuck Ony.
Go SF. 10 ppl fly felwood instead of ashen by mistake. 
Decide to do a diff flower by the flight path because of that
Get there, griefed by boomkin 
GG no flower
Lets go do saph with just the ZG buff I guess ðŸ¤¡
yea lol
and KT
just pepegas being pepegas
YOU GREIFIN DMF?
shame
he just said they died on thaddi
alot of guilds end up basically running 2 OT strat anyways because one OT lower HP than the rest
It just makes it confusing for zug zugz who understand "stay below top 4"
and then a mage is there so they pass the OT and die
Well it does because if noone goes in top 4 except tanks melee can survive with their 0head approach to the fight
if you go top 4
melee gets confused
because dum dum
nah
its top 4 melees
correct
just post log lol
prob what happen is one of your soakers is more prepped than others
has more HP
more armror
and naturally eats alot of hatefuls
meaning your other OTs didnt get hhit
and didnt get rage
and didnt get threat
problem is that puts the fight at risk because dps get threat capped
solution is just run 2OT or 1OT
and dip
ye
yea its a big deal. Popping LGG is one of the best ways to gain threat  if your lacking as OT
(or last stand)
thats right
if you got a OT slacking tell him to last stand
to try to fix threat
I mean if you wanna save your zugs
warlocks pew pew
healing parses bro
Yea playing lock in classic is pretty shit
the problem is you only have 4 locks in casual guilds really
and casual guilds wont force a priest to playi weaving
and no priest wants to play weaving
pretty hartd to get someone to IEA in casual/semi hardcore guilds
yes ppl do these things in some guilds but my point is that, you really want weaving when its casual (4lock guild)
but in casual, your not going to have alot of preists willing to play simp spec
realistically what gear do you give an IEA player
what gear do you give your holy weavere
to entice them
LOL
lol I dont think thats much motivation
but sure
other rogues heere looking for slayers and gressils
here friend
take the T3 ring
smile
they were doing it bc its good for the raid, probably not for that loot
basically they a good person
and not a greedy POS
I mean I think that you shouldnt shaft players on loot because esupp role
some guilds might
but I also think that ppl just dont wanna play supp roles for shitty guilds
I aint spending my timee putting up weaving all day so you can barely parse a 95
Id play weaving for a top tier speedrun guild
but I wouldnt support a buncha plebs
and generally its the buncha plebs that has a case for weaving
right...
warlocks just get the big ol shaft in vanilla
for various reasons
and in various ways
You never wanna be the beta dps class support bitch
mages being reliant on other blues to play good is no fun either
almost rather be lock
you are the mage that rolls on my items in aq40 pugs
with of the eagle greens
last pug I was in a spriest took the shadow res chest in AQ
and then our lock tank died on emps
and I was casually flamin the priest all run
you think there is a year left of naxx?
meh I wouldnt expect my guild or most to keep farming naxx
or ever go back really
even if it was a lull in content
Why
Why do you need a bis item to use for a few weeks? 
Why not help set your guild up for success?
Im being deevils advocate here
I had a similar convo w my guild wanting to gear out for TBC and not give my warr the trinket
if you knew TBC was in 4 weeks would it not be "stupid"?
what about 2 weeks?
We have wishlist system. Smart people put it on their wishlist. Way I see it if you didnt prioritize it on wishlist you can't complain if we decide to give it to someone for TBC or not
This is being disiingenuous
Mark is far more relevant in TBC than these other minor piecees
Mark is the ONLY item you would consider prioing for TBC
you wouldnt bring cloak in
maybe some tank enchants
So?
Naxx is dead
game is over
I agreeee ^ If you wanted to guaranteee you geet it use wishlist for it
but if you didnt wishlist it as melee
and I rather give it to a warlock for TBC
meh
you shoulda prioed it if you wanna complain
I know
but thats my perspective
You want the trinket for personal use too
lets be honest
more like if you have one guy confirmed to play shadow you find a way to get him one
not just let all holys roll
in that case then giving loot to mages also trolling
basically just anything that isnt showering your 25 man TBC boys is trolling
by ALex logic
your clearing naxx everey week as is
with whatever MOTCs you hav
why is farming naxx with a trinket any more important than farming Kara with it
why is your personal parse in classic more important than success in TBC
because classic success is done
unless your tryna last minute speedrun
there is no success to be had stabile
games over
you alrdy killed the boss
so you think shaving seconds off your naxx speed > prepping for TBC?
lets be honest
cut the crap
its for your parses
not for your speed improveements
Yea your stacked and greedy
I understand tho
the completionist
Id like to be complete too
Sounds like you prioed all other items, assuming youd get Mark for free. Now you might not and your freaking out
You have everything else in the game and throwing tantrum over this item
almost sounds like you didnt make your LC aware of your intentions with the item, exactly what you are preaching ppl to do for TBC
tried to get it after the prios just cause your melee
We seem to have 12 ish weeks at best and 12 dps we could easily give to for TBC. And all our melee would no, not have it. 

You got 12 weeks and can afford to give all your melee? Go nuts.
pretty simple stuff. But if you collected every other item in the game and thought mark would just fall in your lap, and now LC shifting towards TBC prio, thats your loss.
thats the best downplaying of having kiss THC and Gressil I ever heard of
give to pumpers, but if you gotta gear dps for TBC with classic waning..... maybe not all your pumpers get it
I regret taking it too, but saying kiss is not big is bullshit
one of the most coveted iteems in classic
any warrior that expects to get THC Gressil Kiss AND mark
is greedy
you dont expect them, but your heree getting mad about MOTC prios after getting all the other loots
I wouldnt be mad if it went to a holy priest whos going shadow in TBC
and playing in the main raid
4 months?
you dont reeplace it
you use it on the last boss of the expac
We'll just save this and see how many are running naxx in 4 months
yep, hardcores are already good to go from naxx
and the casuals arent prepping now, theey arent gonna farm naxx later
If you wanna do sweaty stack speedruns ofc
@Aloysius What is CD on HSH?
2 min standard
So bis trinkets only verey slightly better than MOTC
Just seems that you would run fire and not swap for a bit of shadow AOE boost
idk why swapping such a huge deal
no arms?
2 mage 6 lock?
prob will be just like classic where eeveryone wanna be a ret enhance
but you really just need some resto/holy
the play is be the only warlock that isnt fully naxx geared with atiesh
and then collect all the raid loots
ðŸ™‚
130 sounds about right
Are you using UDC and dropping your crit more than you expect?
pretty dog RNG to get 2 at 99% crit
Yea @3sc  But if you arent raiding at all you can do SM/DS for pure farming
you gain siphon life which is really nice
meh I dont think its useless just bc mobs die fast
Im sure you can get more kills / minute using SM/DS
then just lightly dot many mobs and kite and they die slow?
might run into them resetting though
farming is boring gaining efficiency with multi dotting is fun
but w.e
I think yall are all hella geared so ruin is just strong
I always feel great farming in SM/DS over other spec
whether its worth the respec I guess that depends how long you spend farming
But this guy sounds undergeared/new
I mean I am fine too
in DS Ruin
doesnt meaen sm ds not better
nah
I wouldnt either
but the guy seemed to imply he wasnt even in raid spec to begin with so if hes just farming shrug
Is it worth breaking ppl off the wall when Maexna is < 40% hp
or do you just pump and let em sit on wall
seems worth to break big pumpers off the wall
if everyones on same page and does it fast
but idk
yea mayb in better guilds than mine
they kill it so fast
that you cant even break em off in time
and then it just becomes obvious
better safee than sorry yea ppl have never died on wall for a while but that would be undesirablee
https://tenor.com/view/mtv-awkward-kanye-west-taylor-swift-gif-4116054
deadmines is best dungeon of all time
WC is iight  but deadmines is king of those early dungeons
RFC is ass
makes WC look good
Deadmines is just full flavor town
and stockades is worst dungeon ever created
Can  you level tailoring using mooncloth on the beta?
Is there a CD on Mooncloth?
So you can. And Mooncloth bag?
Sources said 345 for grey mooncloth bag
Please proceed to buy your felcloth ladies and gents
Line my pockets XD
No but you only neeed 350 iirc to start pumping spellcloth uot
Does anyone have info on high exp quests that can be completed in advancee of TBC release?
Doom more dps than a single agony but takes 1 minute to get the result right
Keeping agony up the whole minute  vs doom should be comparison
I mean you pay a single global
rather than many
Is Felguard proving to be lackluster for leveling?
Wondering why everyone's running DoT specs on Beta
Reading he goes oom hey
Is Demo for PvE also already dead with beta or not sure yet
(raid PvE I mean)
Okay just thought maybe they would have noticed the dmg didnt align with expectations and killed it
no worries if its still up in the air
Lock was threat capped in every dungeon I saw so I dont think it is very important what spec you are for dungeons
Yea the utility of having a pet out vs DS
and the rest of aff's utility
Threat capped as in cast a bolt and rip aggro lol
Its just a buncha tanks tryna learn a new rotation with scuffed gear and specs  though so IDK
Maitoz was having a real shit time
Saw LMGD and Staysafe ripping through mobs with SM/DS  void sac
For sure man
Its surprsing how hard gothik is for guilds
relative to other bosses
PW is harder than Gothik IMO
well you just shackle and its not really much of a DPS check
but you have to do mechanics and have 20 ppl not break CC
wait what
I dont follow

it says grob has less kills than PW
did you fuck up your sentence
o yea
in the other graph
probably just logging fails yea
also uhh
PW logs get invalidated by ppl bringing in traces of sili
and it can fall off by the time they get to grob
Pros / Cons of leveling with quests / dungeons in TBC?
Have a friend insisting that you have to do dungeons to get a certain amount of rep before starting quests
My issue is I play after work and can't just easily hop into an efficient dungeon group
So hoping I can just blast quests and world content
But can someone explain what that means for me in terms of rep?
Guessing you like only can gt rep from dungeons to honored so trying to rush higher rep levels by doing quests after that or someething
how much rep girding time are you saving with this method vs just questing to level
hunters are still the best open world pvp in vanilla
shouldnt lose any matchup really
vanilla hunter discords been in outrage since their inception
thats just par for the course
well we will have arena in prepatch I heard
lv 60 arena
can check alot there no?
based because I cant get neths terar on my lock anyway
Only thing I have manged to pick up is fetish
black book never drop either
undeads in shambles
well none of the gear is really important other than Mark and fetish and black book and tear right
I havent been trying to get anything else really
T3 for leveling
does zanza  speed still work lol? Little summoning squad back to the island every 2 hrs ?
mayb coordinate w 2 other warlock soloers lol
I knew that, but for some reason thought the duration was only 1 hr my bad
Post a clip of a fat pull for us non beta boys
From my lurking here, DS/ES  or deep destro have been known as the dungeon spam / spell cleave spec for a while man
Just pretty shit in solo play
I just die on sayge while queued, then when queu pops I spawn and have a macro to pop a buncha shit to protect me and talk to sayge
Depending on whats camping either LIP or FAP + Shadow Reflector + Petrified Scarab
We are still assuming wee have fire mage when we talk about fire destro right?
And fire destro not a thing without fire mage in raid?
Yea, same as usual, just a matter of getting mages to spec good
So we were planning to swap affliction and destro out, basically take turns being the affliciton simp
It has occured to me that would be problematic if you are spellfire set right?
Cant just swap into shadowweave
Dont you only wear boots from shadowweavee for an extended period?
So its only a minor loss for your DPS while playing affliction
So not a huge deal right
Probably depends on situation I think
As I understand they can swap w resto druid depending on needs
So maybe tank group for prog and shadow group for farm
Yea we willl just have to see I guess
Do fire spells generate more threat per damage than shadow?
Immolate has threaet modifier doesnt it
or just SP?
okay
Yea I bet thats fun, not a thing for us horde side I dont think
Also we run extra locks
If T4 outsims spellstrike for Fire lock, it also would for demo right?
He didnt talk about "over spelfire" zuzandir
think you misread
Latest on mage disc is them thinking fire is just straight better overall
so wee may be in luck
I think most blues will come around
Hmm thats an interesting point
griefiing blue nerf our spec
I dont like relying on others in general
Arcane being good depends on them getting innervate ?
You have 3 druids that could innvervate right
and the resto getting like a million MP5 if in shadow priest group
so kinda sounds like you can afford a innervate
on an arcane mage
in most situations
based on what
Even then
realistically a boomkin can innervate the mage right
like our bias aside
Do we have a solid argument for affliction in spriest group over resto druid though?
Interested to hear it
well most comps I see posted around discs have aff in tank group
resto in spriest group
must be for a reason
ONly really in lock disc do ppl talk about getting aff in the spriest section
basically valuing 300 MP5 or whatever insane amount it is on your healer over your warlock's imp.....
kinda makes seense no?
Our comp is basically cookie cutter, with a fury in stead of a BM hunter
4 lock
in one breath we meme about innervating mages instead of healers...... then we say the aff lock deserves the spriest mp5
over a healer
I know.
we wont
noone gonna have second spriest
I mean if your casual and ahve two ppl that really wanna play it sure
I just dont see how the slots work out
yep
fair
What if you were speedrunning
Wouldnt the mana be value
DPS Warrior SHOULD be shit at the start and then scale into something broken
thats what rage is sorta meant to bee
but they are just broken in vailla no matter what, even without wbuffs
Partly beecause of boss fights being so short and their broken CDs
but even if they dont pop cds they kinda still own too hard
thats not even it though man
R14 gear is really strong but a warrior in BWL gear is still completely smoking any other class
even if the other class is R14 themselves
warr benefits the most from everything lmao
scales harder off all stats , gear, buffs, consumes (I guess casters have flask)
which IMO is fine
warrs should scale hard
but they should suck at the start
o yea I mean its wack for gameplay
one consume means more than all of your gear you farmed
IMO hunters are cooler when they are pro pullers and not DPS Divas
Its been working this whole time
My buddy was morphing in phase 2
also dont insult my femorc you undead peasant
bis for getting kited by jumpers in WSG
I mean male orc warlocks are iconic
Guldan
I dont think it looks weird
I think the hunched over Orc looks better as lock than like a warrior tbh
vibes
Theres no plan to offer race changes right
Since I already rolled orc
I dont support it
Eh I wouldnt put too much stock in that
Blizz just sloppy/bits of their retail client showing
dual spec  > Race change
not enough ppl demanding dual spec
I find that a bit disingenuous
Blizz coulda put token in classic
like it is in China or w.e
they didn't
Meh slippery slope IS a fallacy after all
I fuck w dual spec
I dont think there are really downsides to dual spec
blizz gonna put a cash shop in TBC
give me something I actually want
dual spec
Im just sayin
the slop is being slipped and I dont think 2 spec has a downside
Id argue we already slipping far past the point where we should get dual spec basically lol
Cash Shop
Paid Boost
Give the players shit they actually want
#somechanges shouldnt be about blizz making more money
and not fixing the game
No its not
My argument being ddual spec is good for the game
and #somechanges
The thing is plenty of ppl will pay for respec all the time anyway, so I dont feel like it dilutes ppl's uniqueness
Yep
Dual spec isn't fighting inflation at all
It just punishes ppl who enjoy the game
while the gold sellers/buyers rape the econ anyway
Fixed cost of 50 g will never be effective at fighting inflation in the modern game
Id say youre again strawmanning my argument. I am putting forth a rebuttal that respec as a gold sink against inflation is ineffective
I didnt say it didn't have any effect but its completely ineffective
I actually didn't understand your statement that way
I don't think either one fights inflation in any meaningful way
You would need MUCH higher fixed costs to actually put a dent in inflation in the modern game
This sounds like you agree that dual spec is better now
Which would make the problem worse ?
the problem being inflation
Disagreee now
People bought plenty of gold to afford respecs for the pvp grind in classic
like
You can't just go do a weekly gold farm to keep up w respecs and consumes while your grinding PvP
Its.... a point. But not a very convincing one
How about you adres my points instead of strawmanning
I pointed out that classic economy is inflated regardless of dual spec
do you really think respec costs
fought inflation
like comon
okay.
Doesn't matter when inflation and economy is on a completely different level
than these piddly costs to ppl who want to pvp only
0.1% efficient is higher than 0% efficient but that doesnt fuckin matter
still useless
Dude. I explained to you that it doesnt actually have any effect on inflation ansd you just ignore that
You know its fucking true lol
even more so in TBC where everyonee has more gold and its even more of a piddly cost
its just an annoyance to go visit your trainer really
strawmanshank
making good arguments once again
IMO #somechanges is a chance for blizz to fix actual issues with the game, and shouldnt be used to just introduce more ways for them to make money
They fixed wbuffing thats good, Id like to see them also fix mage boosting, add dual spec, and maybe even add better gold sinks in the game that actually do fight inflation
You don't think its an issue that people can avoid playing the game and boost a char to 70?
shrug
Yea thats true actually dual spec is just something I think is good for everyone . Sorry I thought you were talking about mage boost when you said "actually having to play thee game"
My argument is that 50g cost is useless in and of itself
its just annoying
thats it
you gotta constantly spec back n forth every week
I disagree that dual spec is a gate to shadowlands
They are literally gonna put a cash shop in TBC
and yalll worried about the impact of dual spec
I think dungeon findere/raid finder  are moreso the slippery slope that leads to retail
Im surprised other discs are alot more receptive to dual spec and actually having a conversation about it
I think that mage aoe in the open world is fine. AOE cap is a shit bandaid
Fix mobs so you cant just jump on a ledge
they shouldnt path up the ledge they should just evade out
Yea its just minor QOL
What would be a good change you would like to see Iki
What are "the good ones" in your mind
I agree those are more important than dual spec
for sure
yea and it was a fuckin joke
I think theres gotta be more to come regarding their drums shit
Ya lol
i dont mind if they leave drums as is in TBC but their change is so fuckin wack
why does every singly person need a mage without aoe cap?
legit question
If they just fix mob pathing in dungeons
0 aoe cap
is thre somee open world aoe farm
that breaks game
Well thats just my argument. AOE cap wont stop ppl from boosting
Thats fine.
Im not gonna let my selfish bias  ruin something broken that makes ppl afk to level
Ppl not liking the boosting meta is not really personal to me. MANY MANY people think its garbage and it IS bad for the game
Yea just let blizz do whatever they feel is right for the game, dont talk about it. Dont play if you dont like it. What a shit argument
Indeed
sureshank just still salty he lost an argument to me a month ago and wants to get at me
its all good I just ignore
Honestly I dont HATE the 1-58 boost. You guys are right. Been there done that. But I think 60-70 people should actually have to play the game
I dont want dead outlands w noone in it 1 month in
because everyones sitting in pens
payina a mage
thats a lie
an actual lie
I can show our message history its hilarious
but I dont wanna turn this into cringe chat
hes lying lol.
yea.
Im just ignroing his shit
Yea IMO if you hate playing the game so much. Hate doing pugs, Hate leveling, Hate having to actually raid for your gear and just wanna buy it
You hate the game
and shouldnt play
Yea Stabile Im all good w 1-58 boost its kinda whatever at this point
I just want ppl not to boost afk 60-70
and actually be active in outlands
Its fine if you want to agreee or disagree with one or many items on that list
Is there 0 primal mana/water/air farmable in instance?
That is a good point
Blizzard will probably step in for ele plateau
like they did for un goro
Which I actually hated them fucking un goro
best pvp zone in game
ruined by blizz
because of babies
well they will same faction grief ele plateau too
idk how they could step in
Yea they basically dramatically lowerd devilsaur spawn times IIRC
and it killed it
Our cartel disinteggrated shortly after the blizz change
the thing about cartal is there is always an anti-cartel
devil mafia wars or even solo fighting mafia si some of the most fun and best gold in classic wow
really was sad they ruined my fave zone
imo scarab lord politics is good RP
everyone working together/not working together for common goal to open gates
what was the big fail- was people fucking delaying gates to farm 10 mounts to satisfy their ego
quest is called THERE CAN ONLY BE ONE
its supposed to be a race to the finish and you open the gates and fuck your server
not collude and farm 50 mounts together
LMAO he hasnt said a word since
nah I wasnt talkin about you
its all good man
loool
Well, it just seems incomplete/we arent sure what it means yet. 

People on Beta say drums work on your whole raid, but the tooltip says "party".
This inconsistency makes it seem like we don't actually understand the change fully yet.
Is it going to work on full raid? Or is that a bug?
Because if lesser drums were raid wide, thats actually at least a partial fix
But, given blizz' continued silence on the matter seems like they are probably back to drawing board scratching heads on how to respond.....
Yea dead horse at this point
How strong is black book demo in a world pvp situation
Like dueling someone for territory
Prolly better than like SM DS in pvp tho right
Okay so no black book fineeee
FG just seems fun and I might not get to mess w it after lvling
UA is cool though
Im planning to do UA in arena shadowplay anyway
Yea what a noob ban lovebird x mods
o shit he is a mod
hes good
Ill pick em up after doing JC
no rush tho
im generally happy to find ways to get ahead and min/max my char
enchanting rings pretty  aids tho
Faerlina streamer server but all streamerrs quit
now all the other servers are where all the streamers are
but we still have the streamer simps
and the streamsniper griefers
I think all the big servers are pretty aids for griefing though - do you actualy think faerlina is especially bad?
Ye same
But like WCB horde only on another level than what we got on faerlina
to me, it seems like the price you pay to have a high pop, balanced server
but yea no other serevers to compar
that shit only happens if your guild is partaking in the drama fest
wee havent had any problem w that shit
I love the mafia
I think its engaging world pvp and its so fun to snag a skin from the sweaties
I used to solo camp ungoro on privates and yoink mafia thats how I made all my gold
If you know how the spawns work, a small group can derail the whole mafia really
I dont really expeect to kill world bosses in classic if your not the dominant guild
used to being on private where APES and Progress and such just dominate the whole wboss scene
yea, i mean devilsaur not even bis in classic just get black dragon set
So fight club released a bis list with devilsaur on it, while all the mods skipped devilsaur and scooped BDS
turns out BDS is bis over devilsaur at least for warrior
as soon as word got out
Black dragonscale price skyrocketed
they were going for like 25 silver per before ( and the mods who knew had alredy scooped it )
Its tricky because devilsaur is technically prebis before you ever go in raid, but you get one piece of hit gear from raid and youll prefer BDS
so it IS techincally your prebis, but you are much better off investing in BDS
so like you get ony neck and wish you made BDS instead
(as a warrior, other classes may be different)
but other classes wear tier gear anyways
But it takes most warriors about a phase to realise changes in meta have happened
Most ppl look at a bis list and get the items and forget about it
look at all the tanks still using edgies
anyway enough off topic - there was still annoying issues w devilsaur skinning on classic so it ended up being aids  (they could basically steal the skin while you were looting which made the meta dumb)
I think so yea BDS is a mail set
They do swap to T1 I think but they might wait til Tier 2
BDS as a warrior you use like until BWL or R10* at least
Yea it was
it was just sandbagged by fightclub
I had my BDS in P 1 , I was the one who actually exposed them originally for sandbagging the bis list


Indeed.
I find it hilarious honestly
Once skarp wrote that , price went boom
Its only because so many trusted ppl at face value and like literally noone did their own research
Yep, taking 5 phases to realise weap skill doesnt reduce chance to parry
Biggest lesson is trust noone, test everything
Yea for sure. But at the same time its fuckin 15 years old its kinda hilarious how shit thee available info is
or perhaps how much we are still learning about the game
Its both really
the parry thing woulda never happened if they explicitly tested parry and weapon skill (which they did in P5) but ppl kinda skimmed Magey's initial work and assumed it was complete
Proper info for the game would be more akin to like a fucking textbook but everyone wants a youtube video
remember classicbis.com or whatever it was
guy didnt even know hunters got 2 hit from encahnts so the gear is all completely fucked
tank sets are all 0 hit sets
with fuckin def cap and sht
he got told his site was shit and would cause damage
but he made it anyway
He just got info from a buncha different shit sources and put it on a easy mode spoonfeed website
and ppl ate it up
I had to convince hunters accuria wasnt their bis
because of that shit site
my warlock class lead still thinks his bwl belt is bis
the 2 hit one
he has eyestalk
yep
yep
And they wanted soul harvester binding over mages
Which tbh I was less sure about
Sorry equal prio to mages
Yea man literally double standard but I guess this balanced himat 16 hit or somethin
My lock still feels that way tbh
Lol as we talk off topic for an hour
Prolly better off picking up 2.5 than bvine yea
Hardstuck retail idiots can get boosted pretty high in retail no?
I agree outside of the trinkets
^
Yea but hard to  get in a gdkp w dungeon blues
At least on my server
Theres so mamy locks trying to get naxx geared atm.
Hes just putting it into practical terms
I think
Huh
Its really nbd in long run tho
Like o no he got some kara loot 1 week before me
Glass is right farm it if you enjoy it
Otherwise fuck it
What are you skipping because you have t3 doxx
That's it?
Crafting the shoulders prolly cheaper than buying t3 if you count time spent as money
Youll be bored in P1 and craft anyways
Hes saying full bis from naxx while leveling will be over cap
Accquiring prebis and pumping hard in early expansion is just big fun
im not stressed about it but I want all the things
even if it gets replaced by T4
is the hearth stone tidal charm
you can just start doing like BRD and other dungeons if you want
but fire destro not gonna help you
BRD can breka up the boring a bit
not exactly gonna level fast tho
can start working on ony attune as well
55+
I didnt do the succubus myself leveling but as I understand you basically just do one mob at a time
you dont need to be fancy and try to double pull
you just want to never have to stop
manage your HP w drain life and mana w tap
yea if you do go a bit light on the mob you  want the pet to tank
dont just immolate slap it
i like this guy
he knows
when everyone else has higher DPS but you have highest parse
whos the real chad
Thats right
my number pink yours is orange pls stop speaking to me
I cant beat UD rogues w reflector without like curse of exhaust / a buncha gadgets like rocket boots and shit
more ppl in pool = more ppl in high ranks
In Vanilla people will make low level alts and get some HKs and that adds to the pool of players
meaning more ppl hit the top bracket each week
Ppl were paying my friend's multibox $$$ to boost their pool each week
its a bit diff for arena but similar concept I think
Better than AQ for warr
Fire if you have fire mage is the thought
but even then it depends on mage being good at pressing scorch
What about when to coil?
I just try to catch em slippin throw it out at a random time
I mean Im trying to actively avoid them doing that by not doing it when they expect
thats it
orc life bb
but yea
yea its easy to duel non UD
UD is hard though
Succubus feels useless and VW doesnt feel much better
yo I found our  agent doing good work in the mage disc

does the felguard not go oom in long fights
2.2 to 2.3 is what he quoted
for his shadow build
and he said demo came out ahead
are they gonna boost to 70?
for that
shiiiit
frantically checks for Beta
thats some big brain shit
reflecting a dot onto yourself
does a R1 agony break a blind if shadow ward is up
what are the assumptions for demo to be better than shaodw?
certain consumes on pet?
or just base better
slightly worse AOE right
whats a PW fight mean?
Long and you dont get heals?
kibblers bits too
?
true
gotcha
so probably MANY mob AOE seed will win low mob AOE demo will win
just feelin it out lol
omg really
thats so sad
fuck aoe cap
ok I getcha
so MANY MOB  = FG , prretty good amount of mobs = Seed, low mob = FG again
haha yea its not practical but maybe true?
Demo gets 10% damage?
Yea I forgot master demo FG bonus
cool cool
nvm
I thought the gap was larger
5% will be like a very small window of mobs at best
OKAY gfoty your right I asked what are the assumptions yall said None
are you assuming your pet has battle shout
or what
These seem like reasonable assumptions
okay what about your FG dying
what are the chances
Like, how hard is it realistically to not have your FG die at some point on some boss
in T4 raids
I watched a Gruul and most of the melee died lol
true
o yea , honestly probably more smart warr than smart locks
yall in this disc are the exception not the rule
Just some ppl from TBC private telling me my FG gonna die in raid
we gotta take Oakgu's numbers above / resim
but the number ryusei gave was 2350 fire
haha
Why would gaining hit gems make the felguard better overall
just tryna understand
yea but wouldnt that just make destro better cause scale harder
okay okay just wondering if there was a theoretical reason why demo would gain more
cool
I see so if you ended up with a set with less crit, mayb FG gets more out of it
uh oh boys @Ryusei gonna make mages arcane again gg
and oakgu
moved to TBC
Looks like we wont be able to get battle shout on our FG in most comps
sorry
I know, but just pointing this out
Also, wondering what this means for other group buffs
BL is still swappable
been confirmed
so sounds like all good
https://github.com/magey/tbc-warrior/issues/30#issuecomment-815087440
correct Ryusei
Nah this is Magey's issue, he got the response I posted above about battle shout
So sounds like "all is in order" with group buffs
Thats not Blizzard bug backlog thats Magey's testing backlog lol
Is the felpup a mana battery just cause of Dark Pact or?
am I missing something
outlands is also full of mobs for the FG to zug
Bonding time is important
you cant have both sets
and I think fire kinda needs the spellfire set
so if your going fire I dont think you craft shadowweave
But I would defeinitely hold out a bit and see how the rest of Beta plays out
It also doesnt rely on scorch bots
but given the pet seeming to be worse than expected, gotta hold out a bit
can you post your Demo spec
(can you post a screen shot)
I cant access alot of the wow sites on this PC
haha
So no threat reduc hey
Why Intensity  over threat reduc
I mean its less important but I think still relevant
Could just not use corruption mayb?
Yea, guess ill just have to see if this prot warr can give me enough threat to use the spec
and what Crix said about the pet hitting from front
sounds like bug
not if you gotta collect full worlds to do it
but yea video is pretty funny
lol yea I guess so
yea thank god no wbuffs in end game raids lol
Does that work?
you take 3 ttoons to ramparts
summon ppl there?
time lost = minimal?
At that point wouldnt you still COR and let the rogue pump
Just dont downrank
free rage for tank
I bet your tank would rather have the rage LOL
but you can ask him
Kt doesnt really slap that hard
yea IEA to keep KT from killing tank is a fair arggument
But we told ppl not to CoR on lots of fights on prog, and now we want CoR on every fight
So if we have 4 locks, one affliction in spriest group, 3 destro/boomkin/ele group. Affliction will swap w Destro so he doesnt have to feel stuck there forever. What is the best way to cover all the JC neck bonuses?
seems like all 4 locks would have to have multiple different necks
what are the three necks ? I can only find the one that gives crit
and I see one that gives minor stat boost
https://tbc-twinhead.twinstar.cz/?item=24117
https://tbc-twinhead.twinstar.cz/?item=24121
are the necklace recipes that are world drops BoP world drops
https://tbc-twinhead.twinstar.cz/?item=24169#teaches-recipe
do they have fucking charges?!
the comments say it has charges
Not optimal but you could
Yea but they are buffing other class dps and nerfing themself
So they will cry
Ofc
fucking aids man
Most other discs
Its because noone does fire on TBC pirvate
and alot of the big dick TC ppl in discords play private
and base their knowledge from there
in Fight Club they laughing at fire lock
"no way mage isnt arcane in T5, why dont they do that on endless"
I mean alot of good TC comes out of there
kekw
it was technically the correct pre raid bis list, but as soon as you had any raid gear devilsaur becaome garbage
and I mean as much as there are toxic morons there are also some of the best beta testers on there too
and these discords collectively write the meta
so we gotta get out there and fix the narrative LOL
long story LOL
Ill PM
its too much off topic
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/829814272287703110
actually can just read the discussion starting here
jesus christ so are you just best off staying JC for game if your gonna wear neck
how many of these necks do i gotta craft to cover DMF week for TBC entirety
no world buffs they said
TBC will be fun they said
any idea how many mobs are we gonna be basically capped by default?
like 10+ mob pull you are capped
8?
thats pretty sad
so like 10+ mob pulls are you just gonna all have exact same dps(as destro locks)
so sad
the ST portion can crit but the AOE portion can not right?
can you crit past the AOE cap?
o ok thats cool
phew
does the whole aoe crit
or individual hits
Because DS is dead when capped??
Even though you can crit
that is a weird interaction for sure
thats before rolling crits damage I guess
I figured this so thats why I was asking originally,  because ppl always say swapping succ to seed is frustrating
but if we are doing degen aoe pulls in speedrun your prolly capped so
all good
and then I also wanted to know if AOE cap made seed boring
glad to hear thats not the case
ye
as someone who carries three sets + of gear in classic
i dont mind having 2 sets
but yea it would only be a few slots
i think the swap saccing in speedrun could be problematic tho
but yea we dont know what that will look like, nor do I speedrun really
well your not gonna craft spellfire AND shadowweave
you cant even wear both
without respeccing
ye
heard there was a meme about swapping tailor spec constantly to craft both on beta
since it only costs 70 gold
right but in terms of getting all the cloth as fast as possible
something about if a single cloth costs more than 70 g
then you can reasonably get 2x cloth on everything
youd still do this
to get the two types
o
its same spec for spellfire and spellstrke
okay
ah yea guess well have to see
I didnt realise you had to kill a mob
that sounds like its going to make having lv 60 alts doing tailor cds problematic
ok so I just get carried
Okay so I missed that the JC necks are BoE
You can just get one JC to craft
dont need to actually self craft
Turns out they are BoE so nbd
the necks from JC actually
The resource would probably be  a sim
in #simulations
Its not like you need to use JC neck to clear content in casual guild but thats a pretty massive boost you wont want to ignore if you care about optimization
and alternating which lock uses neck seems the best way to avoid rage
yes
and it only has 10 charges
but its BoE

Like
Isnt this BiS
unless you have someone else giving it to you
that should stop most locks from complaining about it
yea
and its not even a bad neck

T4 bis
so you can pick your sweatiness-use em constantly, use em only on DMF, use em for tough progression
but the neck is like, bis
ofc it does its bis lol
8 more spell power 1 more hit 26 more crit
and 15 pen
but yea my ele sham friend is not happy about this green neck
he kinda thought he could pump in T4 before being banished to full simp mode
you guys should say something about it in your bis list
thats actually a good way to sell it, thanks
Currently affliction BiS says Ritssyn's lost pendant
but shouldnt it say the JC neck
or are yall thinking that healers/mage/shadow priest will cover it
Yall will save yourselves alot of grumpy ppl coming in here whining if you put that shit on a prebis list
nah
theyd have to be dumb to not take these buffs
wouldnt it be bis to run it for yourself
as afflcition in off group
not sure if its been tested live but contentional wisdom is :
1. Yes
2. Yes, but not multiple of the same neck. There are 3 different JC necks that all stack.
3. Yes
also note that they are BoE, so you dont need to craft for yourself
which I overlooked originally
yea I think your right that a boomy/ele wont be able to upkeep the buff on his own
buff go away
Yes
Or more fairly all locks rotating
Mayb one lock dedicated pumper for the night
With support
Meh I dont think you have to full simp just cause atiesh
But thats up to your group
yea you could have 1 destro on reck and neck , rotating who does it each night
thats what well do in my guild tokeep the peace I imagine
but yea you could prolly make an argument that lock without atiesh deserves the full simp treatment for maximum optimal DPS
Atiesh give neck, casts reck, and magus blade boy gets PI and has all the support
I dont know
Would progressive itemization have any impact on prebis for warlock?
Dragon mace is main hand now on beta
perhaps some gems removed
cause we run 12 lock comp kappa
its CoS thats not a thing
I think the trinket is great for farming
If I forget to get a shard farming I can just use it idk its nice
Landslide farm I just left it equipped and could perma resac
Yea I just think its worth a bag slot I like it
Its nbd tho
Transmog is stylin
SP gem removed on beta
O baby this shit is fun
felguard spec
i beat my friend whos pretty good w demo vs shadowbolt spec
YE
and my pet was attacking from the front whole time I think on prince lol
How do you play it right im trash
my bindings are all fucked
in my defense
ye
ok lol
might just be the lack of gear
but he pumps
https://www.warcraftlogs.com/reports/qH69xC8nMaP3ZzWQ/#boss=-3&difficulty=0
I didnt play very good some rocky boss kills
but you can see how much the pet does
think he was kinda figuring it out for a bit
his imp was constantly dying
in spriest group but couldnt really use it
yea FG is looking good in this scrubby gear
but in Tailor prebis it will  be alot closer
My friend was playing destro in prev run but didnt log
it was still really good
i failed the doom and it ninja pulled
i played like shit really my bindings hacked together and the pet AI is a bit annoying on bosses if they turn for w.e reason
could  easily be like 1.5k dps+ on any of those fights tho in that gear Id say
just like various shitty conditions in that run lol
threat/learning mechanics/me just being bad
illhoof the ele shaman murdered the imps before seed could do anything
On Beta hunters got their dungeon set and locks were dumpstering them
in shabby blues
i dont think alot of hunters set up macros/WA though
so take with a grain of salt
he said his bow was poggers and 0 clipping
but idk what exact item it was
I mean you just run into beta, slap some keybinds together and go do kara, so alot of people dont have an optimal setup for gameplay
yea the pet attack from front, we did have arms warrior but no surv no IEA no enhance
theres some packs in kara that are phys dps only so I could see how good felguard was against the phys and he did like half the arms warrior dps
when the arms didnt have cds
FG shines on beta but with proper prebis I can see destro beating it
I found theres more punishing melee mechanics than there is caster mechanics in kara really though
you dont get a lot of "melee" uptime benefiits
ye
but thats very easy to manage
the more troublesome mechanics were :
Nightbane and his fire on the ground ( you could heal through it if you were pumpers), and then flies in the air and your FG cant pump
Netherspite tanks turn boss to be in beam
so I had to run to other side for room, and pull FG and resend in
to get it behind
Is 5/41/15 the right spec for demo?
hmmm okay so I didnt have reach or sburn when I played it
but insta corr
i see
unless you move
which I had to quite a bit
esp to get FG behind boss
reach and burn give questionable dps increase too
but yea yea
yea I agree
Ill swap it
the affliction on beta couldnt keep imp alive at all
but the imp did pump
checked a log it was like 190 dps
if you have wbuffs you probably want ruin man
if no wbuffs in prepatch sure FG
deep destro yea if you can keep a pet alive
looks good
for prepatch
I have scuffed logs too the FG did like 20% of my damage
would be worth seeing how hard it is to keep him alive on Gruul
I posted mine last night
here
https://www.warcraftlogs.com/reports/qH69xC8nMaP3ZzWQ/
Definitely not my best performance, my binds were fuckin me a bit and we were all learning the mechanics
so some threat rips and stuff
curator was decent, so was maiden but I ate every repentance LOL
the first raid I ran was like 1.5 k on prince, but our prota pala wanted to tank and I had to hard throttle
o and netherspite was a pumper fight even tho I literally ran across the room to get my FG behind on second set of portals
yea we did all the optionals
that was the most fun fight lol
yea we did full clear 2x
but didnt log first
DST will GDKP for sure
theres still big tickets in kara ppl will really want
chase items like capacitor
if it becomes like only 3 classes wanna run kara, and 4 eles per pug
then gdkp
you can see it
yea i see 10 man gdkp wack
is there something they can res and sell
we saw some recipes drop
idk if theres anything valuable there
and BoEs
yea
probably but still a bit more involved
ye
yea if you skip netherspite its basically zg difficulty
im a noob but apparently some other good stuff as well
gorehowl, stopwatch
yea not much at all
yea
quite a bit harder to solo tank than zg though
ye prolly fine
considering a prot pala tanked prince in blues
Tanks will always run H Mech
I dont think its hard to get the gems
There are worse farms
Theres like 3 bosses dropping guaranteed one of 4 gems i think
I think its like 1 in 4 from what ive been told
Okay
its just kara and gruul for T4 man it will be nice to enjoy playing the game a bit longer and not be bis in a month I think
heroics and arena
not really you run in a 5 man with no competition
once a day
you get badges same time
its all good
is there a chance those dont drop though
like we have prog itemization now
one hot tip
If you have a 70 alt that you dont play, you can get the Mechanaar daily quest, and share it with your main , every day and never complete it
so you do mech as your daily every day
second account needed tho I guess
masyb can sell a daily sharing service LOL
o yea true
just need a friend
lmao with this content prolly like 45 minutes
i got this tip from private server ppl so take with grain of salt
you could still just find someone to share you their daily though
on poppin server
new chat channel for daily sharing?
o i see mayb wont work
Mage disc might say the upper end is closer to 150 DPS lost if you also count having to fill with scorch and put the mage in ideal scenarios
but even then its not justifying the DPS loss on 2+ locks
they might be able to make a case for their AOE DPS with AP+Icy Veins+ AE spam in frost spec I guess
I thought rating wasnt important in season 1
and im sure there are good players that just want to play and compete in pvp and arent obsessed about some plebs having the same gear as them LOL
the non enchant one
you need to train LW
to see them
btw is anything else for sale on beta but only can be seen if train the prof?
I didint see any tailoring stuff
shit religion
yes
Malediction
for the boys
mayb its not worth i guess well have to see
well if another fire lock is better raid dps
hahha
well because your making a mage not parse
to get that DPS
so you kinda have to play in good faith if your making mage go arcane firre
tho I guess the amge would be happy to have COE
yea and you have shadow mastery
so your better than fire on AOE
well unless they sac
well they kinda suck if imp dies
and imp was dying in my runs
we'll see how it plays out
??
imp does 300 dps for the aff lock
and closes the gap at least in this gear
yea - but the imp player was dogshit
but yea if ppl cant keep imp alive that may affect the viability of affliction
yea it depends how many casters you run
12 lock comp willl take affliction
lol
i see this as a more broad discussion
and min maxing your dps is kinda what we do right
in this channel
doubt it
if the imp survives a fight
not sure what you expected
its literally classic 2.0
thats what it is
T5
just let furies come in T4 and raise the difficulty for your own guild kekw
this raid seems harder for fg for sure lol
yea^
bloodmaw magus blade dropped and I lost it
but won the T4 shoulders pog
Using Blood Fury to prevent wound/ms is interesting

I was told you can use bloodfury/bop to avoid wound/MS
I did but I think half the healers had no pet bars and he dropped 2x by halfway
https://www.warcraftlogs.com/reports/4p9bjxZq7AJzNwmM/#fight=last
noone was healing him I made a macro to yell at them lol
well based on meters here I woulda won over destro and Aff if he lived
he didnt die easy he just needed a HoT from time to time
but a bit RNG it felt like based on stallagtites
Yea for sure
your nerfed on HKM
and I was focused on doing my tank job right not dps
because i didnt know what I was doing really lol
i coulda recorded RIP
I had plenty of time to move FG out of dmg if needed
but ppl just werent giving him a heal
think its just scuffed play on beta
default UI has no pet bars on raid frame
mm let me check
https://www.warcraftlogs.com/reports/4p9bjxZq7AJzNwmM/#fight=last&type=damage-taken&source=101
i would say that melee were standing on pets prbably I didnt know I was supposed to make it avoid the other melee
but not sure man
I see
easily
it just needed a tiny bit of attn
or sure melee standing in right places
yea yea its like 10 pugs
and some friends we threw together
trueee
yes
and the affliction griefed
used agony
I told him to use ele
after wipe
he said okay
and then I trusted him
wellllll
I guess I need to CoR for my FG
I wasnt sure how meta CoR was in TBC
and I used that as excuse to cast doom
yea CoR just my bad really I coulda done that
YEP
he is like 20% of my dps
in kara
https://www.warcraftlogs.com/reports/qH69xC8nMaP3ZzWQ/
yep
thats my scuffed kara he stayed up on most fights
no
I asked for might 10 s before pull
but I didnt get pala buffs in the kara
curator  and uhh maiden he prolly had solid uptime
the ppl im playin with on beta are trying out new classes for most part they are distracted just trying to play their shit
me asking for pet shit in raid would be pretty cringe
true
I did whisper for might
just forgot king tbh
im happy to tell my melee friends they were shitters griefing my chad melee pet
and to please step aside
yea I said that man!
he griefed me
he said yea ill ele
then agonyed
I didnt know him tho
wait whats expose weakness
do you mean armor
ok
yea yea i read it as two distint things
surv vs weakness
thic
in my run demo woulda topped if pet lived
and wasnt griefed
and there was destro and aff
but conditions far from ideal
xn how geared are you on beta
what have you gone and picked up around world
anything neat?
you guys talked a buncha bout Fetish, but noone mentioned this item:
https://tbc.wowhead.com/item=30621/prism-of-inner-calm
Could be good?
the comments disagree fiery
says 1000
on spell crits
you sure man?
how do you kno
what item databses
well could it be a bug if 2007 comments say otherwise?
or nah?
??
comments are wrong, or it was nerfed, well if it was nerfed then it could be a bug ?
w.e
you use immolate as demo though?
I think its fun and your gonna be stuck destro for majority of game so why not soak up the time you can as demo
meh
kekw
bolt spamming without ruin
yea.... how could agony ever be dps loss
yall been spammin bolts too dam long
does fire even have imp corr
yea
true man
im happy for both of us
i been wbuffin too dam long
Yea I think this disc's TC has been pretty validated
Bravo
for both fire and demo
Well it sims better in T5 right
and yall been right so far
why would it be 700 and not 1k?
isnt it post salv too
interesting
yea it would indeed be nice
would it be better than 50% reduction from fetish?
probably not I suppose unless you had really high crit
but on long fights for sure
cause you can fast swap it
nah , I just wannna shit on my friends with seed on aoe packs
long boss fetish* wont be worth
literally just got it so I can dump on an aoe pack harder than the other locks lol
but yea its kinda a meme
I could see that
thats smart
I basically thought fetish was a meme before I acquired it on my warrior in Classic tho and it turned out to be quite good for some fights I didnt expect
Thaddius with damage amp so you dont rip
but yea I just wanna see seed go brrr - but mayb prot pala will be so thic it wont matter
well if you tryna top dps mayb you just bolt and try to roll crits, but on average immo is better?
hehe^
Vanilla pserver "top guilds" didnt use expose armor either
but they arent they are just spamming bolts
Do you guys think a classic guild like APES or Progress will dominate TBC? Or is there a TBC pserver guild you expect to be best?
whats the best TBC pserver guild thats playing classic TBC
what guild are you in
yea a buncha my friends used to play with Abide
my guildies*
My friends remember Abide swapping weapons constantly in raid as tank
been trying to figure out why he does that
so whats your guild called
what server you gonna be on?
haha
no worries man I  dont give a fuck just curious
easy to dominate wbosses and resources prolly
i guess fiery in the same guild?
cause it says bloodsail on his name
allliance?
i was wondering about hellfire on tail end of aoe pack when I dont think another seed will land
well like on some trash I was in melee range anyway
because I started casting seed while the pack was pulling towards us
haha true
I heard in some cases you spam seed on the high HP target
but like your overwriting your own seed right, it seems to not overwrite though
yea I figured
it really was like that w 2 lock ele sham on beta kara though
everything just died
roughly how much SP is the spellfire set bonus worth in T4 bis
dam not as much as I thought
think they mean outside to inside
its just nice
convenient
QOL
Like what? getting some buff and summoning to boss?
oof the carries
would be bad man
Arcane for kara but for the 25 man bosses that last 6 minutes?
Mayb a bit less but there was pretty sweaty comps trying on beta
Like everyone has drums and ring enchants on beta
Why ?
Mm yea thats fair
moonclothing to 350 still the play?
(buy my felcloth)
well its cheap now!
us rerollers gonna love you atiesh classic locks â¤ï¸
share the love
no shot
arcane needs spriest anyway
theres no way they take my comfy spot
w 2 atieshes
zhardoom dibs
hehe
I see no reason to believe sims are incorrect from what I have seen on Beta.
Surv hunter, buffs, IEA, heals
What dps do we get simming the beta gear anyway
Link
any mag logs?
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/T2CGXvbcP39BjyKW#fight=last
got one
crixx did lose with incin to a bolter
yea cant really draw any conclusions
based
wait is incin faster than bolt
when talented
did I miss that shit
two links above @Stabile
not at all
the math checks out completely
i missed the 2.25 s cast time
no that maths out too
outside of ISB procs incin maths to more dmg at 1000 SP
Shadow Bolt:
575.5 + (1000 x 0.857) * 1.15 = 1647
Incin:
598.5+(1000*0.714) *1.15 *1.10=1660
assuming immolate up
hmmm like what?
I figured scorch vs weaving is a wash
weaving vs scorch
same thing
so I ignored
okay my bad, so scorch is even better than weaving
that doesnt change my math though
both specs get S&F right
okay
yea but I did want to know what I was missing / wrong about
so thanks
for sure
but then you gotta factor immolate increases in fire
and then you might as well write a sim
this helped me learn some things different in TBC I took for granted
well depends alot on your mage
not making a mistake
true
Is there any resource with the talent specs and proposed rotations for each spec
Would make a good infographic
TTK would affect what dot you would use
wouldnt it
only when not aoe capped
you could make a pretty sick weakaura to show all mobs and their dots though
that would help
whats that
I need that
I hate nameplates because they dont appear at my range
otherwise I agree
id take a weakaura alternative
if thats what I can get
esp if I can click that mob on weakaura to target it
idk if thats possible
better yet mouseover macro cast on it !
sad
As long as it lasts full duration right
Do you run aff all game long
How can we meta affliction out
so I dont have to play it half the time
or if you running very little caster I imagine
like a 1 lock casting curse of reck meme phys comp
ye
do you think we will see like a full degen 12 caster rad
raid*
conflagging his movement while playin shadow spec?
so many factors I see why they just cast bolts on private
I didnt do mag but the FG can survive  fine in Gruul / Kara
Cave in is just last 30% , why not just let it die and quick sacc a succubus or something to finish the fight
What does DS do when cast on FG again
yea I was wondering if that is even logical with the benefits you get
for having pet out
just happy feet dodge that shiiit
I think with some practice you could dodge
Did anyone ever confirm whether the cost to respec tailoring scales wtih level
Did anyone confirm whether the cost of respeccing tailoring scales with level
When I look at math for fire, I am kinda confused why its not a thing on private servers
it seems pretty evidently good
Mage mafia keeping locks down?
ahhh
that explains alot
welll at that point shadow takes over right
mages can be arcane
but have to cast scorch
which I think is completely fair considering how much support the mage demands to even play arcane
gotta keep saying it
well I think every class does their part in TBC
we wear JC necks
get our drums
cast our curses
how much DPS we giving up by casting curse of reck for melee?
and then there is this arcane mage that wants everyone to support him and not support anyone
on one hand, you might just say sure let ppl have funs
but come on
imma frame it like : You do arcane fire , you get innervate and shadow priest and get to pump
someone make one of those trade deal memes
I get scorch
you get innervate
yea what were the killtimes assumed in your discussion again?
We saw 7 minute+ boss fights
kekw
surely arcane fire would be better
DOes anyone know if bosses in T5 would be similar to Mag duration
or more like kara 30 second memes
thats true but a dam weak argument
blizzard snare
cmon bruh
Icy Veins AE spam would be alotta dps but they'll just oom   realistically
Yea I am not sure they are really trying to make sweaty comps on the beta
more just ppl trying shit
Ryusei
remember when we fought about dual spec
if they get dual spec
easy life no excuses
arcane fire
haha
I mean you could still be looking at like 300 gold per week
if you wanna always respec for arena after raid
dual spec just big QOL
but I digress
thats a good chunk more destro pots to spam on CD
is that some new TC or something
using mana pots?
well short fights mana pot useless ofc but good to know
either way
I was fuckin chuggin consumes n beta like a crack head
the whole your consumes dont exist anymore in TBC
totally a meme
esp if im scrolling my pet and shit
well on beta I would pop destro pot just to spam some seed on trash lmao thats the sort of unreasonable shortness
yes
but if I wanna go hard I wanna pop a pot basically on CD all raid long
yea yea
a 2hr raid you could be looking at like 50 pots used
I knew the destro pot on trash wasnt practical ( but it was free on beta), but if I didnt pop the other lock would beat me!
can't have that
Gz !
so it did get confirmed onbeta
Scarab Brooch was used on Lich King WF I heard
but I kinda doubt it cause scarab brooch seems so trash
theres videos saying scarab brooch is the most broken trinket ever in WoW
but in practice it seems dogshit
so IDK
yea but its for likke 30 seconds or some shit
why is noone using it now
I looked into it a bit and I was told all sorts of weird stuff like small shields overwriting big shields
and stuff like that
its not really 15% healing if you overwrite the shield
youd need enough dmg going out
to use the shield
that sounds legit
how do warglaives fair into wrath
I just remember being in a LK pug and some chad fury with WF achievements got pissed off at our tanks shit aggro, whips out his warglaives and starts DW tanking while topping DPS
( ppl were really bad in pug world though)
https://github.com/magey/tbc-warrior/issues/14#issuecomment-818975249
Seems to be  correct deva behavior
it does double proc
because applying sunder causes a proc

Im not really sure who these ppl are or where their authority comes from
but sounds like its consideried not a bug
I dont think ppl think this is gonna buff TF much
More like other proc weapons
blizz employee?
Yea that would make sense from the context
yep
just prot warrs not caring about their TPS and favoring their DPS
nothing new here
jk jk
probably not
and currently you would be memed on hard for saying anything other than Fury Prot dead in warrior discs
but I dont think anyones proven it dead yet
Do they need def cap though
we just did all the content in shabby blues
imo the strength of warrior is swapping between heavy mit/threat in a pinch
example
you could dual wield pump prince, swap sheild hit shield wall for phase 2
then continue your pump
but yea consensus is bear just better just get a bear
but maybe you dont have a bear
and you wanna pump some farm content
idk
yea theres a guy planning to go for almost no def gear and I think he might actually be the biggest brain tank in the disc
warrior disc is in shambles complete fury copium shambles lol
blizzlike
@Stabile is druid threat just always better or could warriors do more in their burst window?
like 30 s fight
do feral druids have steroid CDs
firestone is a wand slot in TBC?
thought it was an off hand
I have a proc chest on beta
from Kara
would that work to test

ah

same effect type though
have to do like 1000 casts to prove it out
rng s rng
blade on beta lmao?
or are you just gonna test with hellfire or something
no
youd have to go on the insta 70 realm and farm mara
not sure
or you can level to 70
theres probably someone who has blade and 70
in this world
no its just to test
probabvly not for wrath
but possibly has some implications for other items in TBC
unless they all have fat ICDs
quag's eye?
Except crit
Yes
Yes
Its like 10 mobs or something
And your capped
2300 on sims in T4
https://www.warcrafttavern.com/tbc/dps-rankings/
Theres this
But not single target
Just compiled from private
You go oom fast spamming seed
If enough targets
Infi mana right
Lol
The 1 pull kara
Rip
He knows hes saying that spell power loses value and boed gains
But its pretty minor
Yes and thats part of why fire is shilled
Seed is fine when capped in fire
Sounds like full coomer raid
For lock
I was frustrated that on illhoof the elemental and mage were killing the imps before many could spawn/I could cast seed
watched my friend on pserver do hella dmg on that fight
I could barely get a seed to boom
there was way less imps spawning than I saw on priv and they died instantly to chain lightning AE
so unless I got lucky timings, seed wouldnt boom them
and even then , it would only hit like 3 imps
mayb just a group comp thing tho
if you were the only aoe and everyone STed the boss
it would be different
70 g
Per respec
Yes so say  1 spellcloth costs 100 g, you profit by respeccing
Thats not very conclusive but a bad sign nevertheless
id wager we have another DMF
yo someone last night said TBC August?
Seemed really fucking late to me
How long do you think prepatch will last
I wouldnt be surprised if someone in one of these top guilds had a little blizzard bird on their shoulder
lool
not for lv 4 spells lol
I think we might be able to do deep destro
Shadow and Flame is only slightly worse than DS
and then you get to keep a pet
and you get shadowfury
machine gun imp in deep destro is probably better.
with spriest
why?
dam even with free reign to cast DoTs?
and Curse of Doom
you lose those consumes
but you gain ele shaman buff
spriest is slightly better right?
since 5% dmg on immolate
who tops dps in prepatch ?
even losing death wish?
and 50% rage
i mean deathwish is 20% damage
rogues dont lose their death wish
and rogues are not THAT far off
o poggers
ok yea fury
is it justifiable to have a shaman play ele
and an enhancer?
felguard never seemed to make sense at 60 with world buffs and all the crit
Its cd is longer than duration right
so 1 lock cant cover
have to rotate
theres 3 necks. Boomy covers one blue neck 50% of time. Ele covers green neck (idk the CD). 3 locks can collectively cover the rest of the necks
what is the logic for ele doing green over boomy
just curious
early on ele is higher tho right
ele was pumping on beta, neer played w boomy
i get it
ok
np
why?
druids in general are bis for ERP
various forms to serve your audience
warlock demon pets are pretty good too
and when we get our metamorposis
its on
we have a dogshit boomkin that will have 30% FF uptime we have dragged through classic because hes someone's friend and also because hes hilarious
at least we dont care about uptime as locks
wait does it affect felguard
I thought pet mobs don't have strength -  like I can't juju strength buff the razuvious MCed add
but I can give it AP buff
this change in TBC or just different between MC mobs and pet ?
the spriest consumes ISB stacks while not contributing any
maybe thats why he comes up short?
you need  a way to run sim over and over
and average out
not just extend duration
guess its time we figure out how many locks we gotta take to gut the affliction lmao
afflictions imp makes gains in fire  no?
worth counting?
very fast but idk why we would talk about kara
or optimize around it
fire would be fun to play  but if its worse raid dps , or very very close id probably just let my mage do his fun spec
though the mage could also let us do our fun spec smh
we gain more in fire doing the machine gun sac thing right
and the affliction has imp dps, shaman slightly boosted fire from scorch too
jpaint furiously simming atm
think hes just saying that in practice you never get the simmed result for ISB uptime
isnt uptime basically equivalent to percent of benefited spells
like won't it be very similar
seems like an irrelevant detail
affliction will never have the doom slot, 

You guys should sort out the DPS loss difference from shadow to fire IMO. Is it 80 or 50? What gear did you use in T5 to get 50?
well if you can agree its 80, then it breaks even right? 100 dps lost on mage 150 dps lost on shadow dealers,
are you using immolate in rotation for the shadow lock?
hell yea
https://tenor.com/view/synched-sync-we-be-in-sync-gif-15421288
59 dps diff
Did you guys come to some sort of agreement on T5?
okay and at 80 dps its pretty fuckin even right?
assuming 3 loocks
240 dps for locks or ~250 dps lost for aff+spriest+arcane
but not counting shaman dps from scorch or aff dps from imp
so we still in it for fire in P2/P3?
what fight lengths would you need ?
a bear cant really innervate while hes actively tanking so 2 IV is reasonable to assume
I think youll be hard pressed to get a bear to pause tanking and IV a mage even if its technically possible
cant parry haste or trashes fuck up the bear
lol do they actually do that rn on private?
like swap IV a mage between boss autos
I know my bear wouldnt fucking do it
even if I told him to
not if mechanics prevent it
A bad knock out of range on gruul , walk back while slowed, into silence could easily drop scorch
Imo
well if your mage has to be a perfect god predicting mechanics to make fire a dps gain, that may not be a gamble you want to take in your guild
Its less, but affliction and spriest also lose out  a bit
I think the counter to this was they may be making heavy gearing concessions to get this mana
and that may or may not be optimal
If you have a sim that says you will have mana issues, why point to private servers and handwave that you wont have mana issues?
How fucked are locks if they go fire in T4 and have to swap in T5?
you just have to make some shadowweave boots right?
I think if we were to go fire from the start, w the caveat that we might waste our spellfire stuffwhen P2 rolls around, but we hve to see the killtimes, its not a horrible place to be
also you should change your name to quaswex, motherfucker
firecane for progression , frostcane for farm if the kills are quick in your guild IMO
Does this account for the affliction lock's pet
having scorch
300 and maybe
probably if your not good
I thought so too but it does seem to check out mathwise
Why cant we sim that Ryu?
If you shorten fights extremely, does the gap grow or shrink between fire and shadow specs?
say 1 minute and 1 seconds to allow a doom to land
I think trash dps only matters if it makes you cast one more seed before it dies right
aight
No the best thing is chirping melee dps saying your pet is literally half of them
Maybe you can stll buy them for the right price if you catch my drift
4 hours arguing and we still dont know whats bettter fire or shadow reeee
I think Onslaught held it down for horde and NA for a long time
they might be dead but they deserve some respect!~
I missed that
Alkaizer never sunder claw shill never forget
they will surely fix the pet AI
yea from what I saw on beta demo pumps
i dont know about "proof"
but
Im convinced
I tried out both specs on beta, and farmed my guild's other lock when I was demo
well xn griefed demo
didnt even use spells right
he didnt even use immolate
in a spec that doesnt have ruin
he griefed
I think its fun and warlock destro rotation will get old fast, so might as well play demo while we can!
As demo until you go fire right?
hehe
Having to swap+sac is barely any effort
>anyone can play however they want, but the discord is about finding the best, that doesn't mean you can't have an opinion
>go fire, but for the majority of players the fact they don't have to do that, shadow will yield better results
wat
its just swapping a pet sac
its like swapping a piece of gear
lol I know. I am not talking about swapping gear
casting shit every second pack?
Why are you only casting every second pack as fire
so are you talking about speedrunning, or the majority of players?
well you can be half a pack late to dmg in naxx and it wont matter at all
if your gaining 15% dmg for 10 packs after it it would be worth no?
anyways, if you dont have time to swap to a succ sac for some bizarre reason, then your still pumping dps with seed and may even be aoe capped anyways
but if its any significant amount of trash, you just get your pet out and are a bit late to one pack and its worth it to do so
your talking about like 2 casts lost to get the swap off
yea like your probably looking at what mayb 5 hard casted pets per full raid
well, there will surely be times that you CAN hard cast a pet
and it wont be dps loss
before bosses often
I dont understand why you are assuming shadow will have optimal gear and fire wont
then dont get + shadow power gear?
aoe scales poorly off spell power though
it doesnt if your aoe capped and yea I think its 22% or something
and in bis you literally lose 1 piece
the shadowweave boots
in T4
why would you not wear FSW on trash?
some crit boots?
what boots?
flame cap is only 23 spell power with 30% uptime so like 8 spellpower on longer fights
and doesnt give you mana
so probably not much
that was just asked and the answer was yes, but why wouldnt you get spellfire
Dam really
That owns
At worst yes
At best its way better
Shadow
Youd lose fsw boots mainly right ? If swapping to aff
Can eventually drop tailor for enchanting right?
Maybe like mid T5?
you use spellfire gear all game long?
So why do I need tail
thats end of the game shit
yea okay
so what gear do I need to have to drop spellfire
T5 gear?
is the T4 glove some sortt of weird caveat
I see
so you want a bunch of off pieces from T5 so that you are min maxed on T4 glove 2pce
and in shadow spec you really use FSW into T6?
so doing enchanting really is a big ol pain in the fuckin ass
was hoping I could just drop tailor at some point
dont quite follow what you meant here
doing enchanting = optimizing for T6?
isnt leveling enchanting then relearning tailor just strictly better
than not ddoing so
do you get new rings each phase
I kinda forgot
alright
champion you mean?
mark of the chosen is a green trinket from a lv 40 quest
mark of the champion is strong
one thing im moderately frustrated by is if we want to do fire but also swap out who does aff each week the aff is going to be kinda shitty
he wont have FSW
but he also likely wont have Aff bis neck right
would have to farm that on all the locks
noone wants to be dedicated aff lol
how do you even incentivize dedicated aff
i mean a complex rotation is nice if you do alot of dmg with it
not if your bottom lock by default and get no support
ppl are willing to swap, and theres at least one lock that would do it if I asked
but I dont want to ask him
if your imp is dead is affliction even a dps increase for raid
i guess aff pumps trash harder than fire with seed shadow mastery and threat reduc
thats kinda fun
true
threat reduc tho
no way is any tank holding off seed spam for any prolonged amount of time I figure
even if you have some thiccy pala tank
yes
yea fetish + prism
would be enough threat reduc that you would probably not rip long time
if it works***
lol
ppl think that since they marked PTR stable it means tis getting released
T4 helm is bis in T4 right?
Or only for shadow?
mage disc coming for our loots
if no metagem do you still want T4?
do you guys think JC necks will be JC only?
heigans movement is pretty jank and I definitely lose uptime
sometimes its fine
usually not
also it causes threat issues on horde
dont forget shadowfury
would you wear that for trash
i think assuming aoe cap is pretty silly
maybe we pull 12 mobs constantly
but doubt it
aggro reduction lets you pump is the thing
like on kara trash, the pushback holds you back
even if your not aoe capped
it would be quite nice
youd get alot more seed casts off overall
ayyyy
need a 4th set of gear for raid
fun
threat reduc set, max aoe trash set, shadow set,, fire set
what else do we need
affliction set?
seed(brr) set , seed(ahhhh) set, shadow fire aff
can probably solo this at 70 if needed
its just a pain getting ppl to run around to find the key and come back
rng dependent
ppl dont understand
way faster to either get 2 friends to skip right to it with you
or just do it at 70
Ryu if trash ends up being 80% of the raid and we arent aoe capped
what then
I think we cant say anything about T5 for certain
i guess I forget you can sac swap
i  think the same if your making the mage scorch bot for 0.1% differences its kinda wack
gotta see how it actually plays out
theres some ppl TCing fire mage all the way through
and it looks strong too
all the fights will be 40 s long ofc
Kinda wack tbh
What is left out in NIche's numbers for fire destro? Does he assume dragonling? Flamecap? Anything else?
destro for solo leveling is bad
that shits for dungeon spammin
I mean I think its for "mage cleaving" doing big aoe dps
do you have DS in your build at 63
think theres some pinned build in #tbc-leveling you could look at instead
the destro lvling in dungeons is mainly for aoe / spell cleave type situation right?
chillin w the blue boys in slave pens?
casting hellfire w imp sacced
mages have 0 argument for arcane in T4. I tried to get them to argue for it and they were just trolling. Anyone serious admits fire sims equal or better in T4.
The arguments they give for arcane in T4 is "I dont want to gear for fire, I want to practice AB spamming"
Can we see the math here?Guarantee you guys didnt account for things like dps loss of affliction not being in spriest group.
mage mad
show some facts as to why its wrong
not a good look mate
The mages on the mage discord that arent trolling admit fire sims equal or better in T4.
I already said that though
just saying the words "Highest burst" doesnt mean anything
Then why do good mages on your disc that actually run sims say fire is best in T4?
I mean Quasexort would push for arcane if it was better, but it doesnt seem to be, when you take an actual honest look at sims
We have talked at length about this. P2 comes down to whether arcane frost is actually a strong dps increase over arcane fire and he is struggling to show that it is.
Quas has been trying to show that we can kill Lurker before submerge so he can justify arcane frost@WhÃ telse. But its failing
yea and its a dps increase to go fire in P1
even quas agrees there
if you actually ask quas, he thinks that somehow mages are going to not have to cast fillers in SSC fights because they will "regen mana in add phases"
if he has to admit they have to cast fillers, then arcane fire closes gap
the realitly is we will need to see the fights in P2 to prove that mages arnt just gona oom
because it really seems they will
yea this is kinda a misunderstanding
you lose some FSW booots for your shadow times
thats it
just saying that arcane is best because ppl do it on private isnt a compelling argument. Pserver meta seems pretty dogshit
ppl just sheep dont think for themselves
a proper speedrun might have 8 warlocks and then fire is even better lol so speedruns are really hard to say  I think its not just parsing but also making it easier to kill bosses in progression for more casual guilds
Id argue that the arcane mage is just parsing
ðŸ™‚
no idea where this is coming from?
because its worse raid dps and its just for the mage to pew pew short fights
??
if you want trash aoe dmg that isnt oom insta take a warlock instead
and your argument is that mages want to be arcane frost to lose raid dps, so they can do more trash DPS?
mages
so you need to show that you wont oom in T5 content.
and your best simmer cant manage to show it
the one w the brains in the mage disc
hes literally ignoring all mechanics on lurker trying to see if the dps can add up to the bosses health in PW conditions
so that he can say he wont oom
because he kills before add phase
I honestly dont think you can and I do think that ultimately whats best will be revealed at that time.
arguing for weeks about content we cant touch makes no sense
Fire bis in T4
T5 we can see
can always swap specs and let the other class parse and decide what seems best for your raid too
it just seems unliely that these SSC fights are going to be short enough for arrcane frost, but of course we dont KNOW for certain
also every mage on mage disc thinks every fight in Kara is 40 seconds long lol because one guild w drums stacked spamming haste pots and lusts in min maxed PHYSICAL comp killed shade of aran in 40 seconds
but I guess we arent talking about T4
id say if I playeed well and didnt make the mistakes I did id have been around 1.4k on gruul fwiw
as demo
gear WAS scuffed, but remember EVERYONE had drums and free destro pots + flasks + hit gems
probably not on gruul if they dont buff it tbh
we were half pug
never done it before
On gruul you spend a long amount of the fight silenced
and you have to move quite a bit
and get random kncokbakced
so yea ofc it wont be PW sim level dps
yes
but melee griefed my FG and got him killed
so thats fun
yea not sims better "is better in theory"
he drops rocks on melee
where they stand
so if they stand on pets
pets die
Big lock bias
Shadow and flame is like 12% vs DS 15%
But you get a pet and shadow fury
Yea
o my god
thats fuckin nuts
hed need alot of healing man frost botls hit hard w 0 reisst
i really doubt
unless you got good healers
that love you
but thats sick
the pet buff thing
you lose alot saccing FG
the demon knowledge shit or w.e
is that bis right now
FH sac on saph?
oh just the MD
resist
LOL^
i just wanna see my FG going in w rend
and full worlds
just lemme bang bro
https://tenor.com/view/let-me-fucking-bang-fight-ufc-angry-gif-16905916
would they be buffed?
lv 63 bosses?
would FG pump at 0 armor boss?
has everyone being assuming a buff?
i want my warrior friend to die
lose buffs
and lose on meters
to my pet
thatd be a good content
"dont heal warriorgodx he lost buffs, Jhuuthun still has buffs keep him up"
I think they probably should
but they will cry
haste mace only MH, same with Anni
they lookin so scuffed w Anni MH and some random OH
i think everyone should use anni til its stacked then mayb just the enhance tries to maintain it
but if its gonna fall off
all melee have to swap back
swapping off your glaive to Anni XD
same
but muh FG wanna pomp
just dont run melee
its 2021
https://tbcraidcomp.com/?1019112412241324142415191624172418241924201921142203230324152521010202110311042205210615070708070907
this comp looks lit
-1 arcane + 1 fire/arcfire
from blizz patch notes I think it wont be a thing  or mayb later on when netherstorm content released
but they should just make it only instances in netherstorm
i summoned someone into kara on the beta
and it was very therapeutic
they nerfed it
or changed it
during beta/after beta
id assume that yea
2x fire
i see what you did there
seen some ppl squeezing in a extra resto sham for extra lust
into standard comp like yours
knows too much
aff wants the mages to drum
dont do your boy like that
make the other cucks dragonling
that sounds  a bit too sweaty
but dragonbreath chili anyone?
does that work at 70
how much fire dmg is it on swing again
40
pretty good yea
lol db chili/flame cap on all melee go to sleep arcane
I do think itts best not too go too hard on it before we see the fights in T5
arc fire requires same brain power
the mages in classic cant even keep scorch up as is
that was actually an excuse they used
to go arcane
today lol
actually fuckin bwps made it
hes a secret mage simp
think hes playin affliction
he likes to cater to his audience
but yes
hes pretty fine
he should just stick w that
not make arguments like mages are too bad to play arcfire
and that minmaxing 1% dps isnt worth it
yep
as soon as the content is seen, and the performance of arc frost in most guilds is seen vs arcfire, and the parses can be seen, it will become a lot clearer and ppl's opinions will shift
the amount of shift from shadow lock die hards after beta and we actually saw it live
right now its just a buncha shitty bad faithers circle jerkin and too much speculation
itlll be fine
theres plenty to do
can you farm netherdrake in P1
if you can farm drake in P1
doubt anyone will get content draugheted
or raven mount
you should make new numbers for COD / no COD lock with all the fire bonuses included
just to whip it out
when quas whips out his numbs
the mage in my guild will dump 99s in literally any spec
hes a god
and hell play w.e
they alrdy do
fire and frost is two diff parses for mages
i know because the mage in my guild is top 1 and 2 for our server
on alot of fights
lol
fire and frost
they might not split those hairs tbh
destro one parse
id guess
fuck em
tell em no more coe
your playing SM ruin
and your puttin full dots
and doom
pls tell them your not interested in playing the spec they want anymore lol
the content
boys lock feels so fuckin good in TBC
theyll be flockin
bad foty
be the change
you wish to see
filthy casuls
its my tank bros fave heroic thats all I know
i curse of reck simp on my alt lock in classic
let all the main locks pump in our pugs and shit
also I set an example for them in our main raids
cast COR on every fuckin mob
ehhh
haha
druid full chad TBC
druid lock hunter all glow up fat
ehhhh
i think ret is gonna be dofshit
dogshit
and prot pala is kinda a 1 trick pony
holy is the least fun healer
prot pala when he doesnt have 10 mobs to tank
is like dpsing as prot pala on ST boss
kinda cringe
yes they are nice for everyone else in raid
but they aint glowed up
like hunt lock droood
tell that to the rets in my bgs
rets are warriors with no abilities trying to proc HOJ
change my mind
bubble /afk
they always try to sell their hybrid power
on private we had rets occasionally
I never saw a ret save anyone's life ever
they dump their whole mana bar trying to compete on meter
what do shamans do to elementals
im lost
I kinda doubt that you replace w zhardoom


auras worth 165 SP
thats 315 total SP
55 haste and 8 crit or 55 SP
even then
you dont get atiesh to replace it for your personal pump
in t4
is 55 SP  for 55 hast 8 crit actually worth

your hands look like this
so my hands can look like that ^
still sims good it looks like
blizz will surely fix some of the bugged behavior on beta
but Fire > FG ?
Paint?
but demo might outperform on gruul?
some shit like that?
do you mean gear?
or the dps number
180 s fight, using what assumptions for fire?
Flame cap
?
Dragonling?
Did you guys cast doom
Should finish off the analysis by casting Doom / not casting Doom
so you can shove the same numbers Quasexort does
Is this true?
I can't collect naxx loot on lock in prepatch?
@Ryusei Warr rage IS nerfed at 60 on prpatch
it was you who told me it wasnt right?
The formula does scale w level
but its still nerfed at 60
Its wrong
my friend was wrong
but I was freaking out
loool
that would be dumbest shit ever
no point playing prepatch
if I scale the dmg up in my calcs I did it gets large
like 70% of before or something
soon it will be virgintiesh chadzhardoom
ha
sounds scuffed af to me
55 spellpower vs 55 haste and like 8 crit rating
what is value of 1 haste rating in spellpower
feeling bad for officer warlock who gave himself atiesh
nah
hey man you took the legendary item that gives powerful aura to friends not the loot council's fault
40 shards farmed for you and alrdy planning to replace
smh
nah you get zhardoom after the nontieshers
and your good
just facts
warlock reroll bis
sue me
no staff for ryu?
ryu what is your locks name
that is indeed a big mistake
but taking zhardoom and dropping the aura early is a dick move
id stop giving you jc neck
as punishment
yea
ill amend
just take like first skull instead
then its not wack
you can take something else first because your provide aura
at least thats what makes sense to me
meh
like our raid gave you the atiesh its not like your farmed it
you got your glory stick
skull sounds fair to me
youll get zhardoom anywy
or some other weap
like for us, its an officer who cried when I said it would be better to give it to the top performaing warlock
so he got tiesh
i ahd to show this officer how to get DMT buffs in phase 5 btw
he got dmt once early on and then never again, then finds out about atiesh and starts wbuffing again late p5
fuck em man fuck em
we purged all the slackers from officer ranks for TBC
but Atiesh aint no reason to get 4pce T6 AND skull imo
atiesh is a reward in its own
the ppl who got it really wanted it
dont get to just change your mind
and if paint wants to run a CLC then go ahead but thats garbage
who did you give tiesh to?
o come on bro
atiesh easily most coveted item in the raid
im sure you can make a better argument
than that
eh gressil debatable but ill amend my statement to most coveted caster item
because its not like melee loot matters to anyone here
i think loot should just be fair and practical. of course since your not getting weapons in T4/T5 at all, youll get other pieces first naturally
and youll drop your aura naturally when its time
overall youll still benefit plenty from having atiesh in tbc
Does it really make sense to go scryer?
i may not have sapph enchant
but thats still p convincing
lol you can like more than one class in WoW.  But playing lock in Vanilla is pretty boring. Seed of corruption in TBC and warlock in WOTK is  very fun. 
You can only take 1-2 warrior DPS per raid. So there will be rerollers from the 20 man warrior comps . That is normal. And that doesnt mean they are just FOTM andies for not wanting to play a selfish, useless dps class in TBC.
Dive is being cringe tbh
meh I found it pretty boring being a bolt bot in no weaving comp rolling the dice  for the majority of expansion
bullshit- literally 15 of the 20 warriors in your raid are forced to reroll unless your doing some kinda melee comp
not being salty just calling out the cringe gatekeepers being salty that ppl are rerolling warlock
with warlocks and hunters collectively having 2-4 raid spots in classic raid teams, and now taking up the majority of dps in most tbc comps, its only natural that there will be warriors rerolling to these classes.
Also I tihnk there is some similarities between the two classes, I have always played lock/warr throughout wow expansions
I know ALOT of warriors with warlock alts as well
No I mean its an RPG play w.e you like?
And seed literally so juicy it gets deleted from the game
How could I miss that ?
:p
what I find more funny is all the warrior die hards who say lock is boring in TBC and ppl will hate it
tbh from what I saw on beta warlock  actually can min max more than warrs do now
in terms of rotation they press more buttons too
warrior in classic is just be buffed press all the buttons
theres a few nuances w timings and hamstrings
its like some weird myth they parrot that you only press shadowbolt and that warlock is boring as all fuck in TBC
how do you know that ppl treated their locks like shit?
dont project some chip on your shoulder from your own classic experience on a buncha random players in the disc
thats just the meta though, theres a reason warriors and mages are catered to in vanilla and hunters and locks dominate in tbc
dont hate the player
hate the game
100% its more the debuff slots that fuck warlocks
its the dogshit game
I didnt see much warlock hate in classic but that could just be my guild shrug
we gave them plenty of loot and treated em fairly w the mages
well yea your right, each class discord has a circle jerk community around their class hating on other classes
that is cringe af
I mean I actually played my lock all of vanilla
and I do understand its not dircted towards me
but this is just this disc's version of circle jerking
try to be better
the fight club cringe is gonna flow in here
thats gonna be the real thing to put a damper on
even here we have our minor mage shit talks
but like typically we dont actually hate the mages in our guild
o yea?
whats that?
nice
well tbc you dont have w skill you have expertise
and afaik expertise doesnt affect glancing
aff lock rotation at least seems non brain dead
gotta manage all those dot timers
I guess we talking about ST
yea it could just be the new freshness of the class that will fade w time
but its really not 1 button sleeper class that some ppl say it is
i think warriors generally have alot more hate for hunters than locks
lock give cozy curse of reck
hunter cries and takes the loots
locks are down to do their role
hunter is usually a parse bro who cant pull the raid to make it faster
for sure
I dont mind ele actually I was converted
they just oom
even in AQ in fast fights they were putting up good numbers at the top
you just cant play ele in casual guild at all
because you will oom
lmao our warrs only showed up as MS once each
it was so obvioously shit
did anyone test if it stacks w boomy
because he doesnt consider his ele sham a caster
what
he means zhardoom
and no
illidan
stranglestaff is more like vines
imo
i guess that is an octopus

its more horns than tentacles
its a felpup
Why did you take Atiesh if your intent was not to buff the group in TBC
thats my take
lots of ppl want it
you wanna switch off early so you can do personal dps?
Are you a mage?
kekw
acting like having atiesh is "fucking over a pumper" for a year is a lie
early as in earlier than you should for optimal raid dps
zhardoom is fine
thinking you should get first zhardoom is dumb
its a figurative you not a personal "you"
as in Finkai specifically
but saying the atiesh got "fucked over for a year" is bullshit
yes hence why I said ppl tryna skip off atiesh "early" so they can buff their personal DPS
just take a first skull of guldan or something
makes way more sense
sure if you outperform everyone and zhardoom is what you really want..... I guess
but whyy wouldnt you just take a first skull or something else really good
and then get a weapon when its best to
even the idea that you should get ANY prio at all because you have atiesh is questionable
I mean you wanted the bis weapon in classic that lasts deep into tbc
you got it
you think that means you earn prio?
on other loot?
how the fuck that work?
yep
personal is not what atiehs is about
you should have known what you signed up for
taking the legenedary weapon
and in a raid w multiple atiesh locks you are gonna be benefiting personally
thats fine
they wont do that
but thats fine
then hes a pieace of shit for taking atiesh
like wtf you think you just got atiesh to parse in classic?
he doesnt take a dps hit for a year
he has the bis item for fucking like 5 months
he didnt take a hit for a year
bullshit
hell no
you think hes taking a hit for not using magus blade in TBC?
When hes in a group with other atieshes buffing him
atiesh is the bis weapon in T4
your not taking a fucking hit in T4
you literally get the bis weapon for all of classic, leveling, and T4 at least
if anything you take a hit in T5 personally (debatably)
thats not a year
thats one phase
one fuckin phase. Because you got the bis weapon legendary.
Poor you.
not if you have multiple atieshes right?
it does, because you personally making that choice, means that others are okay to do the same. You could be dropping 99 spellpower aura over your groupso you can all use mages blades.
yall cant argue for fire for raid dps, and act like your being fucked over for having atiesh
say you have 3 atiesh in raid. If you all drop the atiesh in T4, then  you PERSONALLY do less dps .
you guys gonna refuse to JC neck too?
levl enchanting instead of drums?
100%
because he doesnt take a weap, hell naturally get something else
like you gonna give each lock one item generally in LC
since he doesnt take a weapon, he will get PLENTY OF OTHER SHIT.
he will reap the rewards of atiesh
finkai, can you adress the fact that you will naturally get tons of items that are non weapons since you have atiesh and other locks get weapons
instead of just focusing on "1 year fucked over"
like being atiesh, gives you the best chance of getting "full bis" outside of weapons.
for every phase
you are not "fucked over"
you are fucking set
ppl just wanna have their cake and eat it too
and I still tihnk that if you have multi atiesh locks, dropping atiesh in T4 would be a personal DPS loss.
because they will drop too.
how is it wrong?
obviously if you dont give aura, they wont either
well its not in a vaccuum. The point stands that you benefit personally from having the atieshes
and avocating dropping is literally bad for your personal AND raid dps
so then you cant say you are fucked over in T4
you have the bis in T4
mayb you can say it in T5
the lock got the bis wepaon in classic and T4. He gets multiple items because he doesnt need minor weapons in T4 or T5.  He basically reaps prio from atiesh all of TBC. 

He doesnt need also a weapon for his "feels". He takes zhardoom after the non atieshers. Or he even waits for even better weapon, an gets literally everything else.
yes it is.
yes it is.
everyone having atiesh is bis in T4
why would one dude be able to drop atiesh and the others dont?
you will ALL have magus blades.
you will ALL be able to drop
Well I did 3 times
so they arent reading
just arguing.
over and over same point repeated no rebuttals
at least one other one has one
if your the only one with atiesh, it changes a bit
however you will still reap natural prio by not taking weapons
we might have 5 lmao
you will very likley still have a magus blade in T4 after others. You will very likely also get some weapon in T5 at some point too. 

But you shouldnt expect FIRST zhardoom because you got given the bis item in classic wow. It makes no sense. Its pure greedy shit.
like atiesh was a prize not forced on you.
you are bis for how long? half a year? three quarters of a year? having atiesh?
thats because yall didnt know it stacked
shit changes
as soon as it stacked it was bis
yes it is
tru
count on 3 happening?
We already have 4?
working on number 5
the 4th was a guy whos guild fell apart and he only needed 12 shards left thats how we end up at 5
but most guilds should have 3-4 imo
are we that lucky?
if you only have 2 then fine drop the bis argument. I still cant call it "being fucked over" for a year to be one of the 2 in your 40 man to get the bis weapon they really wanted.
and they will get plenty of loot not taking weapons.
i dont see it as wiating
I see it as collecting your bis
you collect other bis items because you have atiesh
the other locks get shit weapons
eventually you will out gear them
lol you get first items throughout the game
you dont deserve to be lauded with first full Tier 6
thats ridiculous
yea it depends on where the items stand in T6 I guess
what your loot lookin like
skull as a TY is more than fair IMO
its not like vanilla where its gonna be REALLY hard to get items
ppl will realistically all get a zhardoom or zhardoom equivalent weapon
saw two magus blades drop from ony on beta lol
yea by securing something like skull that is bis game, you are brained
taking a zhardoom weapon for feels
is not brained
for sure, there is always nuance with LC
noone is here circle jerking about fucking atiesh locks. I realistically do think that a atiesh lock will reap benefits from having atiesh all TBC long.
yall do what you want in your guilds, but I think expecting zhardoom handed to you for having atiesh is both shortsighted for you and unoptimal
what are big items that will ahve competition with mages and stuff
surely they will want items too
to change subject a bit
mage shouildnt get skull right
because they have like some weird arcane trinket
so what items do you give to eles, boomys and mages to keep them happy?
yep
and they may get some T4 prioed too
that noone else wants admittedly
Mages want T4 as entry level arcane gear cause of the stats afaik. Noone else wants the helm  w no metagem in game
so not a problem
okay so if your demo do that?
but if not you can take prio on the 2 pce you want as lock
and throw mage a bone
I was just thinking if they want to break into arcane at some point in T5
they could use that gear
wasnt sure what slots
its my gfavorite set tho its so pretty sadge
youll prob get almost everything anyways
mayb not bis trinkets
but you gotta give other classes some kinda bones
my ele sham is alrdy super defensive about loot and I can tell hes not gonna take a full back seat to locks
hes gonna want some love
tru
its like more orange tho
will paladins want it?
could a prot pala trump ele T4?
seems hes probably getting 2pce right away anyway
if not
imagine grinding pvp for bis T5 weapon, and some atiesh boomer never pvper takes your zdoom prio because he "got fucked for a year"
heh
just grind pvp
easy
thats pretty lit honestly
you never got any weapon all of classic anyways though?
No late tier mage blade drop?
o you have HWL
no regalia?
shows why your so upset about atiesh putting you in a pickle in TBC
just yoink skull
youll be ok
im not ad homineming at all?
I literally am being sincere
I understand
why hes senstivie on that one
thats alot different
than situation in our guild
ye
loool
I pref the T 5 looks
but wings cool
I remember when wings came out
and everyone was going crazy at blizz for loving warlocks and making their tier sets OP
lmao t5 mage is hilarious
its verY TBC tho
it do yea
bloodfury is scary to press on warr in classic
i wasnt scared at all to press at least in T4 beta content tho
yee
theres healers in my guild that dont like healing BF cause their parse
they are purged in TBC though
our tank  goes so tanky on loatheb that if you dont get spore you cant really cast sadge threat is completely terrible
should lock really go in group 1 no meme no kapp havent read about it
ill let a lock take my slot
but the thing is I literally can do 0 dps til I get spore
if I give up slot
are you able to cast basically whole time?
you dont get locked up like w taps and dooms?
how do you manage it?
would lock getting spore first be bad in no weaving?
imma let one lock per week take my slot and see how they do just for funs
yea we'll just see
kill is stable at this point
alot of ppl think august - sounds SO late to me
it sounds like wishful thinking
but yea maybe
the expertise is the least of worries hopefully they get the group buffing fixed
and the fuckin pet ai
you couldnt use prayer of fort outside of your group or something
and moving preiest group would fuck up the buff
something like that
like lust worked 100% fine, but the other shit was broken
ye
some of the bugs are pretty weirdchamp
its bizarre that prayer broken and lust worked perfectly
seemed like they paid special attn to lust before beta
they reopening kara testing tmrw tho pog
should I do felguard a third time
i think imma do felgaurd a third time
could try to get fire going though
i think the lowbie gear makes it best to run Demo overall
but I got 2pce T2 on beta now and some  chest from kara loool
it wont be pug it will be guild
for kara at least
we have 10, but not 25
ðŸ˜¦
have you checked recently?
fuck man
kinda wanna let ryu play my acct lol
the seedgasms
last time I played retail was wrath
i play alot of toher blizz games
idk
i hope yall get it tomorrow morning
someone probably has tested ppl in my group scooped 2 pce and we didnt even play it that much
whats the thing to test for 4pce?
I might be able to yoink it if I say im testing something
as in dots dont proc it?
wait what it adds to your dot length?
ok
we wanted to test if we can proc shit w seed too last time
but everything had ICD
BOED has diff wording than quags though
so theres a chance
dam they tested BOED though hey
when im looking up the 4pce it just says extends immo/corr by 3000 seconds
what is it supposed to be
and the bug is that it wasnt working?
haha
gotcha
yea tbc twinhead says 3k seconds atm
lol
https://giant.gfycat.com/RevolvingMediumChimneyswift.mp4
apparently they also have this spell
huh why gif no embed
haha its sending to portal location
but probably something they remove for too much funs
is what my retail playing friends tell me at least
imagine hitting a songflower w that bad boy in classic
Sylvan shoulders hey
I got felcloths to do mooncloth
How much it cost to make sylvan
The DE kick back is nice
So is the mooncloth bag for my alts kickback
How long is sylvan giving levels
Same as mcloth bag
Mooncloth seems cheaper but no large brill


is the meta gem better
no but it is on beta and imma raid tmrw loool
actually not sure about metagem being available
trying to pick up whatever I can quick
gonna go get shatar trinket and scryers bloodgem I think
and then I wont need uni mind hit
good question i was wondering the same
as in does it get boosted by ruin
I am FG right now anyway tho
it is proll 2.03
otherwise ruin would be 200%
that wouldnt make much sense
i suppose
but crit damage is pretty clear
its the bonus dmg when you crit
not the total dmg of a crit
true
trusting one mage to scorch
imma need a weakaura that yells scorch stacks
like the sunder one
1. need mages to fire and they dont have the technology to prove it
2. Seed go brr so must be shadow
3. Self enforcing metas
between having to make a fire mage and ISB math being hard and seed doing dmg you can see why ppl just shrug it off and go shadow
well theres legacy players
generaly ppl dont compete on that shit on private servers
theres WF/progression focus
and maybe a bit of speedrunning
and the servers being hard lends to the focus on prog
and execution during farm
they alll care about beating each other to the boss kills not beating each other on parses and killtimes
raid test cancelled sadge
sustaining 6k dps with seed on 5 target dummy
with the FG out
i think melee groups  = 4 drums  + engineer
for the robot chicken
and dragonling
yea but that guy could be using dragonling or enchanting or have better gems from JC
instead of covering 1 s of drums
cant he also be using the other drums
ye
what is the new meme of haste drums being barely worth
o i see
your saying that hes probably better off being something else
thing is in practice you might swap your groups up at times
unless you have dedicated aff
well quite obviously  30 SP with 1/4 uptime is not as good as 24 SP 100% uptime for personally
but if you EVER need to drum haste to coverr
ye
still decent
I like the look of orc male warlock its kinda iconic guldan shit
the hunch works for lock
but I still made fem orc
bis
no because you dont have ruin and you have like 40+ crit with world buffs
drums are dead?
how much dps does the boomy gain from being in the Atiesh group tho?
How much does he add tto the members of that group?
How much does he add to the aff and spriest in the mana group?
Is this assuming double elemental shaman?
multiple tonks
all melee should be engi
for chcken
anyways
i think imp is dead meme tbh
I dont know how you keep imp alive
on most fights
well the mage meme is now to take the boomy from us
and toss the affliction in our group
Anyone know if you get any new gear if you  make fresh lock on beta?
The warrs get deep thunder now
TY, unless there is items in your bags looks the same
Ye I got rings/trinkets/weapon from the rep vendors
oof maybe they brought it down to bring back up w raid testing
you can also trade the Bracers of Havok from priest's bags
to your lock if you  want to
ye
these are the stats I have in FG spec
with Fel armor and FG out

nothing in the bags

my friends orc LOL
shoulders are huuuuuge
nothing in the bags @Schlag
its back up
link your stats
w fel armor up
to compare to classic gears
looks fine on the gnome I think the orc looks a little ridiculous
i was saying slurpie because he appears to be near bis
whats that mean
ye
monkahmm I thought you got it earlier I guess
basically use SB on trash that doesnt have scorch
what is the implication of prenerf nightbane
any change to mechanics?
right right
ye sad we cant have that
you actually took the time to write that
@Crix  Were there more imps there on Illhoof than last time*
looks like more imps
It was very few imps on prev beta
looks more private like now
might as well just watch Abide or Crix stream
there was like 6 imps out at once
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1tKpVMw0puoZC_xo-Ctj5u932RzNnLxeHG-pgFxSqFF0/edit?usp=sharing
from #deleted-channel
wrong
optimal performance and mage tears are the same point
â¤ï¸
i have 1 point in manaf eed
you tap the pet gains mana
yea i didnt realise leveling channel tbh
seems obvi that if your just solo leveling youd be aff
but I think FG could be fun/good if you are doing a mix of dungeon/solo
so what is it that makes UA so desirable if they die in 3 dots anyway
why not just SM DS
howl > DS void?
just personally or for actually levling fast
well in the world you can kite and getting hit a bit with void sac is good no
Alright so is Kara UBRS is it ZG is it MC noone knows
you will spend 3 hrs + in kara if you take a shit group
You say tht now but the vast majority of ppl were not happy to spend 8 hrs in MC in phase 1
even the casuals optimize their run
so they dont have to spend hours doing chore that can be done in 1 hr
true
look you dont have to optimize the fun outta your raid but ppl want to do kara in 1-2 hrs
not 4-8
kenn optimizes shit to a ridiculous level
that ubrs run is testament
wtf are you even farming ken
in ubrs
ahh thats what SC is
Did you farm UDC for all your raiders too
North prolly doesnt have UDC
its all a meme till your guildies are actually helping you farm skul
Hes here to shill for arcane dont think hes lock reroll
kara is still harder than fuckin zg
it might be meme raid but its not that meme
pugs can ass pull in kara too
and the run  backs are aids
zg you can mount
well
there is a room you skip a good portion of the trash if your not in a brain dead pug
but if your in a  brain dead pug you gotta kill a bunch more shit
and that shit is caster immune
shadow and fire are same spec
you can just play shadow in your kara and fire in your mag or w.e
that is some dogshit trolling get good
having 3 FGs would be handy for Nightbane and that magic immune trash
thing about FG in kara is then you lose the FG bonus when you enslave the OP doggo
https://clips.twitch.tv/GracefulObeseLatteFloof-REXEXnEpqzlJpZ5w
DK?
O demon knowledge
are we suppose to benefit from DK on enslave ?
if that pet is supposed to be enslaved tho its disgusting
bury it
dont speak of it again
Later in that strteam they took the doggos to nightbane
and each lock had lik 2.4k ST dps
but the doggs were tanking
they wiped tho and did without
haha its a fun raid
but its no fun if your in there w no prot pala shitter healers and your just unable to play the way you want to
true
but yea we gotta not talk about doggo cant get it fixed LOL
its in the clip lol
theres like three kinds of demonpuppy
hahah hes having fun w it
earlier in the vid he first notices it
and hes like wtf is this class man
had to clip that part to get the bug report though
then SHHH
fire goood
fire fire
arcane bad
scorch strong
ye
but even more broke
theyll just tank nightbane fore yea
lol
any other notable enslave targets in vanilla?
does enslave DR get buffed or something
they held the dogs long time
they also banished them for like 10 minutes while they prepped boss
and re eneslaved
and were fine
my clip is above
but can watch full stream for more
thats what I thought
smh ITS THE SAME SPEC AS SHADOW
FG actually feels bad on seed tho
like jpaint said if you dont have the FG out your just 0/21/0
ye it just feels bad
you are defs losing noticeable dps for seed
vs someone w DS
sure mayb they optimize trash pulls and aoe cap is factor
but not in my pugs
thats what you start w on beta
you still have 15% less seed dmg
sure cleave is decent
and FG has his upsides
but theres rooms that are like 5 mob pack then another 5 mob pack over and over
and your just spammin seeds
ye you can do that
and its mostly fine
not like much else in the trees benefit seed
true yea you do have 10% dmg as is
mayb I just felt like it was bad
and it wasnt actually bad
yes
5% dmg doesnt sound as sad
FG probably pumpin on similar level
I dont think the aoe cap argument will apply to average guild runs
MAYBE speedrunners optimize the pulls in such a way
theres defs  a solid chance
all you gotta do is pull 2 packs at once
hmm
on further review when your farming I think you can pull 2 packs at once, we often did just by accident
yea fetish will be handy it will be tricky managing seed threat and being clean
think like fetish pack 1 , shatter pack 2, tank uses super sapper or something to hold pack 3, repeat
i think 6 pce t3 is an option eraly on for sure
not sure how long youll wanna drag that around
bag slots looking rough tbh
oblivion set for seed, shadow, fire, T3, Shards, destro pots that only stack to 5
flamecaps, 3 healthstrones,
shards are rough if your spammin soul shatter
Kenneth makes the best argument for Arcane in T4 in like a super tryhard run. But I think the beta clearly showed that you need a perfect min max comp for arcane to work in Kara
the mage got 2 vates AND tide and still oomed and cast fillers on most bosses
that was obvious
demon dog highest dps class in game
pls dont pull - second innervates on CD
how the fuck you gonna speedrun and have innervates
you dont only need vates, you need perfectly timed vates
i like the head
thats best part
feels weird man
well what if you break 4pce in t5
WTS kara port 50 g
P2 bis
P5 was decent but p2 bis
Imagine not being done w brd in p1
Yea
2x ring 2 trinket weapon
You mean tbc beta right. 

You cant get the rep?
You made char before they changed the rep shit and didnt get rep from vendor?
Yea fuck
It doesnt take long to remake tbh

No fel armor stats
Can do a bit better too if you take gear from spriest bags
The lock set needs hit i think
They biased towards hit
I mean i think the bracers they give are better if not hit capped
Not sure
i cant remember but I think its these

yea I mean all the gems and rep enchants are free so
you end up pretty strong for "entry level"
free destro pots/flasks/drums
you havent lived til youve bought 60 shards from the vendor
our bear farmed heavy clefthoof and some other stuff
then they gave full prebis
was mad
I have the girdle recipe on beta lol
not sure that has any value but it dropped
fire
assuming you have scorch
the better question is whether aff is worth at all
if imp is dead is it still worth
Dali is dumb even dumb about warrior tbh
thats pretty dumb
ppl should do whats best for raid not themselves
if you wanted innervate to be evocate you shoulda rolled mage tbh
your guild just sounds trash tbh
no shamans
druids that refuse to vate others
gm tells you to stfu cause your purple
r1 chain heal bb
real goats totem twist
eh thers ways to fuck up and rip aggro generally on threat wipe bosses
curse of doom on Hydross
soulstone bis threat drop
yera its just like feign and if you wait til yu rip your bad
I think he proves fury isn't as dog as ppl say but his video doesnt show all the fails or times he did lose to locks
Rogues still pump even if they cast IEA
And use the glaives in pvp
well on something like moroes he can definitely finish at like 4k dps witha  single lust
and hes not even bis geared
its not smoking warlocks by any means but he does better dps than fury is given credit for I think
is this true?
You think battleshouting 3 hunter pets >  having an actual hunter? *for raid dps)
yea I get that, but I was asking whether your statement that "fury offers a raid dps increase" was correct
as in, is it actually optimal
i get that yea
I misinterpreted what you were saying to be that it is an actually optimal raid dps increase
thats fine
I agree fury buffed cause hunter pet
would a shaman in a hunter group use windfury though
i guess yes because hes a enhance
alot of shamans have been pretty resistant to the concept of totem twisting
they refused to twist all classic too
they have some backwards logic on their disc
where they argue its simply not worth vs just doing more personal
go ask shaman disc
I got banned for fighting them on twisting lol
basically their argument is they do more damage casting a lightning bolt or pumping more damage with their mana than twisting adds to the raid
I agree Stabile
that was what I said
and they banned
yep
I basically was arguing in classic context that a resto can just twist if they have mana and time to do so
and then it was like "YOU SHOULD JUST HAVE AN ELE SHAM CASTING BOLTS IF HE DOESNT NEED TO BE HEALING"
anyways it seems in TBC context he HAS to keep agi totem up for the hunter
so he will HAVE to twist wfury for himself
the shaman disc has color coded names based on your parses too LOL
like pink name if your 99 average
o yea ooof
okay so the shaman would literally be twisting wf just for the warrior
who is just there to battle shout pets
sounds badman
true true
our drawn out raid comp only has 1 enhance and its in a melee group
so I get confused in my head
is that bad btw?
would you put the single enhance in hunter group
or would youjust say run 2 enhance pls
melee only
I think mayb 2 ele early early is good
but yea
no scale
so there is imp totems
that increases the agi totem
though you could hit that talent while being resto
I expect hunters to treat melee weaving with the same apathy and ignorance as classic
big lazy me no weave
yea I really dont care what they do but I think they wont do it
it seems good on paper tho
ofc skinnay and a small subset of loyal followers will
theres lots of fights where being in melee range would be disadvantageous right
Tierra had 2 vates and a tide but no spriest
and was oom castting frostbolt on most fights in kara
not ret?
its the bottom of that warcraft taven dps ranking thing
but they have their new meta  where they do 3k dps on their discord kekw
as they do in every expansion before its released
its just based on numbers from logs
of pserver
ofc
their argument goes like this
well, arcane is bis in optimal group for kara
and optimizing for mag and gruul is a waste of time
just have the group they want to have
lol
SP , vate, resto
I mean its doable if you want to
yes
and hate purples
most reasonable mages admit fire prolly best for T4
because some of the thicc boys on mage disc like me
I made some good memes
like TBC =  Turkeybrah copes
which is one oftheir mods
half of them outroar to ban me whenever I speak tho
hahaha â¤ï¸
what we really need tho is some solid sim numbers showing results in T5 for both doom/non doom on like 2/3/4 min fights
I tried to use sim but had a bad time
I kept getting 0
and setting it up for T5 is a PITA
curator is immune to arcane dmg too
daily reminder
because quas waves his Doom dps numbers around
says its a 30 dps diff for firelock vs shadow as doom lock
and then says its not a raid dps increase

if we can just have something like this
but with what we agree is proper setup
so I can flash that in Quas face
would be nice
ye
Its alot of work to set up the sim and shit and run numbers for each scenario so w.e
theres some nice discussion about deep fire going on atm
maybe it will pan out into less of a raid dps loss for arcane frost to not be arcane frost
if deep fire > arcane fire
then the raid dps loss of arc frost is less
whats the general no. of targets to seed on
my pserver buddy said to seed on Rom + jul
and I was like fuck no
but hey play on private and was insisting
bleh
ya I was demo so keeping corr immo on both
and a doom
lol you be casting frostbolts for 1/4 of nightbane, 1/4 of mag, 1/4 of gruul, ALL of curator
yea its just straight up better
cmon bruh
then you dont get innervate on a bosss fight because its on 6 minute cd
and your oom for half the fight
shit argument
absolute shit
they "made it work on prviate servers so yes its straight up better"
why the fuck would you even bother typing that
just wear all mp5 and spirit gear so you can cast spells and say your spec is better
they made it work on private servers so yes its straight up better guys
anything they did on private servers is automaitcally what we will do in TBC
obviously
why would you doubt the private server gods
yes it can exist they made it work on private
I saw them make it work
so its the best
fire is the best I found a log on private they made it work
wtf you talking about I done kara 5 times on beta
I already have seen
man this place is a mess im out
theres contentional wisdom that late T6 with haste gear your better off as fire again
its irrelevant because we 100% wont be fire by then
they admittedly kinda pwn on trash
as long as its not curator trash
meh Im not convinced arcane out performs fire in Kara or T4 overall
the mage I watched was miles away from being able to keep 100% AB uptime on most kara fights. Can you share logs of your arcane mage doing better Crix?
hunters have the best gear on beta out of any class too
I want to see logs of @Crix  Arcane Mage on the more mana intensive kara fights though
ty
np
like even if its kinda scuffed in logs or w.e its fine but it frames the convo
well if arcane can pump on beta in scuffed gear then its probably not changing on live yea know?
but all ive seen is arcane going oom on half the fights on beta in scuffed gear
the mana trick didnt work on netherspite so the mage I watched oomed hard there, and oomed on aran, and oomed on Nightbane, arcane immune Curator, slight oomage on prince
etc
arcane seems to have a lot of gear overlap with warlock
they want the same ring, same wand, etc
I dunno FG puts up like 15-20% of my dps on beta and I have no crack book
well doxxious is talking about holding aggro and leveling and shit
arcane is a cool spec they spam nukes out really fast until thy oom
ill be real sad if I roll a dogshit felguard name
Jhuuthun on beta was pretty sick
My second one was Thoothun kinda weak
Jonkthong is lit
xFuryx lost buffs please heal Jonkthong
The chronoboon giving wbuffs to the pet
is lit
I got Prygrym for my fel pup and I hate him
Yazmat imp is sick
if your pet dies , you can probably re store and re un store your boon
and rebuff him
at least 1ce per hr cause of the cd
Is it worth using SM/Ruin or a succubus dps spec if your pet has world buffs
over DS Ruin
with Chronoboon wbuffed pet is a thing
they are just too clapped in naxx fights hey?
what about just being DS spec but keeping the pet out for the fights he can live on?
cause you can buff him by booning before said fight
Pet could live up to thaddi in construct at least, up to maexna in spider, up to 4hm in military ( does it die to marks?), possibly up to loatheb in plague?
Just if you fuck the cloud up tho
Ok
Does a wbuffed black book pet even bring enough dps to the table to bother considering it
Over just DS

they are currently confirming for themselves that they will be fire in P1
Hi mage disc !
you lil lurkers â¤ï¸
we should make a purple vs blue disc
and just fight it out
every man for himself gurubashi
I agree, but there are many that do not
mages would never fight us in gurubashi buncha pve bitches
possibly
but its not that much "easier" itemization
Interesting, because the mage disc would never admit that
Quas would wave around sims showing he loses nearly 300 dps on his own
and say that he will be able to cast fulL AB spam on all fights in T5
yea I figured
althoght I would never call that worst case
thats some backwards
shiiiiit
its the worst case because them speccing fire is such a horrible outcome for them
lol
no thats the best case for the mage
its the worst case from your perspective because of how much you abhore casting scorch to benefit others in your raid
ðŸ™‚
w.e lol
now the true "worst" case for you should include dragonlings and flamecaps for arc fire, did you do so?
also how far off is deep fire in T5?
Its not for mages who want to cast Icy Veins at all costs ðŸ™‚
maximal loss is what they want to see
IE best case
sounds like its best case fight conditions for arcane fire tho
so that is usually not how you use that language
I understand what you mean
we dont have to drag it on
FROST MAGE
IN A 12 LOCK COMP
AYAAAAAA
okay okay
thats bis
thats why other classes exist
to split for our loot
you dont go arcane if you have 0 mana spport
but you would probably be able to reasonably assume at least a small amount of support
1 vate and either a mana tide or spriest in kara doesnt seem too crazy
2 vate and both sems like your asking alot
like doing kara w no paladin no druid would be a pretty sad time
for us too
3 minute video not 2 minutes
im unsubbing
posted in mage disc
im prolly banned
Is Abide the GM
last I heard the diff between enchants is so negligible
and like you are probably underestimating bloodgem
what if you have to tank with a resist gear set
that completely depends on how sweatmode you want to play the game
So Mark of the champion is bis on any fight its relevant until you get bis trinkets in late P2/P3. 

Fetish could be really good for doing spicy aoe funtimes.

Black Book is a solid DPS boost if you run a spec with a pet (since you can prepop, its free real estate)

The rest I dont think is very important tbh.
if your bis from classic its nice for entry level raid gear, but your prebis is mostly tailor. So dont spend gold in GDKP just save for tailor bis.
he prolly just meant 40 mans
retail guy or something
I see so like gearing up in ZG or something
I really dont....
it does depend yea if your sticking with your guild in TBC they have some incentives to gear you up. Lots of lock gear is basically free at this point in guilds.
we are literally saying the latter and you are being incredibly obnoxious lol
probably scared him off
Id ask Ryu, but the imp while it has mana is like 300 dps without a black book
its pretty min max and most ppl wont have time to summ imp before every fight idk
but if your parsing its not a bad thing to do I suppose
hopefully we do get an ahluandoh of warlocks
a guild devoted to making the lock parse
the one lock to rule em all
chained PIs on both pet and lock
innervates
Honestly it wont take much lock humping to ruin our chances at parsing
full lust uptime alone would probably ruin most ppls parses
you dont cast conflag unless you move
but its good if you move and dont need tap mana
welll, if top guilds kill in single lust
dont need to be humped
or w.e
well, essentially lower kill times automatically increases lust uptime
you can juju the warriors pet in some shit guild it wont make him parse
no MS is too meme
never go full meme
just realised they remove the improved spellstone talent
do they remove spellstone in general
ah ok
ah man thats my favorite OP spell noone knows about
duelling mages w the spellshield
I just have a slick macro that puts my OH on after I pop it
the fire bis ryu posted had mags wand iirc
wands? lol
we dont have to reach like the mages
so lets not
haha
what if there is ISB proc up
do you shadow burn over conflag
dont you like spam mana drain 1v1 vs a druid whos doing that or something
I did that in wrath to kill druids
okay 5 stacks of ISB up - last GCD of fight, do you shadow burn over conflag?
YIIIIKES
im just tryna get spoon fed which does more dmg
not deal w all this grief about my immolate
so 1 immo tick + shadow burn > conflag  dmg?
bleh
I dont think we can answer this question without knowing how much +fire dmg or + shadow dmg you have
you can conflag after the last immmo?
you cant conflag if there is no immo
because you need immolate up to conflag
and we are talking about the last tick of immolate
holy shit
because after the final tick of immolate, there is no more immolate
and you cannot cast conflag
np
I guess mine is more of a general question not specifically to last fight on when you shadowburn/conflag in various situations
hmmm
but burn takes the ISB from your friends
and it doesnt benefit from imp sac flame cap etc
sim needed
ye
ryu disagrees and I swear I have seenpaint say the same
well if you have many mages in raid they are forced to be a less needy spec
but if you have 1 mage they will likley push for frost arcane
and a normal raid can support that fine ....
these links dont work
btw
legacyplayers is a dumb website
I dont think you can link just screenshot
well they seem to get high dps gains over arc fire with single vate
at 3 min
but not 4 min
something changed in their sim
since we did it

this is what quas posted yesterday
arcane / imp scorch and arcane frost in P2 gear (T5), 1 innervate, 1 mana tide
is what he wrote
oof
Ken I think sweaty players that have a setup to reliably give more support to the mage is fine but 1 innervate seems like a reasonable assumption for avg guild / progression scenario
also if your speedrunning are you really gonna have 2 vate CDs up every fight
apes run didnt even have vate CDs up for some bosses and they werent speedrunning
in kara
Some mages assume PI I doubt quas has PI
in his sim
but surely it affects your decision to be arcane or not right
I dunno I lowkey think their sim is broken but im too lazy to figure it out
they did an hour long sim
and it still had 30% mana
at the end
id argue that 1 vate is the average amount of vates youll have on a given fight
also if any fight goes long during prog maybe a healer needs a vate
aff lock likes shadow group
1 mage is normal what
for meta comps
yea
1 mage or 2 mage
when your talking to Kenneth, your talking about top sweaty player
not even average or meta
he is the premier exhausting elitist
haha
1 mage is good
2 mage is okay too
I dunno personally I think it would be nice to just cut the affli
but the word on the street is its still worth
ppl think affli can stil perform at a reasonable level despite bad showing on beta
the probelem is I think imp is almost surly dead alot of the time
and yea aff didnt exactly perform great on beta
itd be a nice outcome if we didnt have to play Aff LOL
ye
5% boss dmg reduction though - arent you running a prot warr for prog
shouldnt you run aff for prog
Super sapper
@jpaint did you post that sheet you said you were making
its mainly same stuff and a few pieces that are like raw spellpow right
you still hit cap
to same number because you cast sbolt
why dont you propose like swapping who plays affl bitch tho
thats what I pitched went well
alright then
affli  you gonna want to learn the fights well and how you can keeep imp alive
black book strong
affli technically gets advantage on seed of corr packs right
because they have some threat reduc on affl spells
and seed is affl
but also threat reduc right
and 5% seed dmg on contagion
which I guess is equalled by DS
too bad seed doesnt proc nightfall
thatd be sick
do you use imp or succ
lmao
pls dont ask for impervates
you should add the dps increase of a warlock getting innervate instead of a arcane mage when you do the next fire raid dps analysis
somehow we should account for all the support they suck outta the raid
KT has fire res too?
has anyone ever seen a sham or priest get MCed and start dispelling buffs off furies
on KT
wonder if that would trigger ppls grief macros
that brag in guild chat

did anyone ever check what fires expected performance is in teplate gear
do we expect it to do better than FG
watching the stream
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/839583466784948244
p sure he has a fire
he just said it on stream
he has fire
he said going for under 2hrs
not exactly a speedrun
hell yea gl
are they just removed from game
or what
so unobtainable tho
haha hes got soulfrot enchants to swap enchants for trash thats hilarious
hell prolly cast 2 shadowbolts on moroes
well see tho
theres prolly some trash in here that you will be shadowbolting
just cause its single target and not enough hp to scorch
not 100% trash is seed
why
Shame on you foty
trying to troll the king
I mean he just posts highlights from his run on youtube. Ppl watch it to see fury in TBC, whether hunterrs or locks die in a fight are irrelevant
I mean he did moroes again and still out performed seed dps without dying
also he was rank 1 all stars for a good part of naxx
foty wrong again
I think if you do 4k dps in cleave its showing that fury is probably a bit underrated
the problems with fury in a raid comp are known
I just think your being cringe
prot warr, enhance, hunter, resto druid, priest,
lock, lock, firemage, protpal, elemental
something like that
mm
needs a pala
idk what you cut for pala maybe the spriest
ye
just purple parsing scrubs shouldnt really talk shit about 100 farmers tbh
yea enhance could be resto


I dont refuse to share them I have shared them many times but I dont wanna get banned from mage disc for som cringe cock comparison
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/character/us/faerlina/heezy

We suck in naxx tbh
sure I can
you can say what you want but your cringe lmao
â¤ï¸ only time he posts is to talk shit and claim I sent him porn in DMs
nah you just cringe bro
your malding I said your logs are shit
imagine 1 minute grob kill, 95 parse
id cry
that meme owns lol
my point is that you have 30%  faster killtimes in your guild cause my guild has literally unbuffed boomkins and enhances, but you still perform shit
I know its hard to understand LOL
wait isnt that what you did
you are far more worse than ahl than the diff between mine and your logs lmao
yea your free to be cringe
but you always been cringe
lmao nice meme
I said you cant just treat trash like its a buncha 1 min PWs
shrug you big cringe
also I shit on you in every other phase
naxx we kinda just dont put the effort in its actually sad
Foty just a cringey troll ðŸ¤·â€â™‚ï¸
Is there a lot of prep to do in prepatch
Like what can you even do
Why do you have to nolife on prepatch?
Yea ok
youll probably skip curses at less than that lol
trash dies very fast
???
if targets die in 8 seconds , CoR just isnt worth casting
but yea it depends on the trash ofc
like in kara your cursing just for a hunter dps and your tank
maybe one more dps
just depends how long the trash lives
shit was dying in 3 seed casts when we had a full caster group
just run 12 lock comp
10 dooms
11 dooms*
25 lock 25 doom
kite for 1 min
cause of the taunt? LOL
lmao
but youd probably be getting like 1 cast off per felguard
shadow bolt > summon> shadowbolt>summon
doom crit for like 12 k or something
12k * 25 = not enough dmg to kill a boss
sadly
wait do you mean replace permanently
or replace on fights your not using it
yea permanent replace is HSH + skull, what passive trinket you use when boss is not demon/UD =  QUag
yea its dead at that point
but getting both bis game trinkets may not be so easy
so whats the bis leveling route if you got a party of no lifes
to spam dunegons with
like is there something like 60-61 ramparts spam 61-63 slave pen spam etc
Is there any quests worth hitting along the way
like especially worth
because they give some nice items
for a non T3 bis person
just thinkin I do my 30 lockouts
then what
yea ppl think if you give an undead a raptor he wil get the skill on prepatch
lol the fuck is that
they think we are skilling nether protect and soul leech
i have no idea what thats saying
mayb its talking about immolate dot dmg?
that looks like some shit a mage wrote
my healthstone crit on beta and healed me to full from like 1/4 hp
and I have 10k hp
I commed
burn all the heretics
we gotta find this youtube video and downvote
big mage conspiriacy
is Hellfire the mysterious spell that cant crit lol
Staysafe was spamming hellfire alot
when he played fire
Hellfire did seem to pump better than seed on illhoof
yes
the imps die too fast
so you gotta get lucky to land good seeds
at least thats how it feels
you could make ppl ST the boss while you seed tho
on private this was common I think ebcause ppl would actually wipe
because it just feels ineffective
imps spawn
shaman chain lightning and mage AEs
and then your seed blows up
and it hits like 2 imps
meanwhile hellfire tops dps while you eat your snacks
just talking shit to everyone
while you HF
does hellfire get affected by haste
like lust fire
o baby
thats juice
crix has 6k subs he has 93
i think well be okay
btw what are thoughts on fire after testing
seemed to pump
FG was fun on beta for sure im fine w that
think both those specs are edging out DS/Ruin without imp tho right
we will prolly still complete 5th atiesh
but not all locks
we had someone join w 24 splinters tho
no its literally 1 raid idk we are on our way to 4th and 16 and we didnt killl KT til like a month in
cause one guy joined w 24
actually im sorry I miscountedd only 4
alot of classic tnaks dont actually like tanking. They like being in spotlight and collecting all loot while spamming 3 buttons
all our warriors happily rerolling while every mage tryna still play mage and same w rogues
thing is you need  gaive
glaive*
heh
in pve glaive prolly better on fury in a vaccuum
however, fury has better alternatives to glaive, and rogue uses in PVP too
giving to them over rogues is dumb i agree
even for pve, like your rogue will be cucked if no glaive
and your warr can use arpen weap and shit
they do good dmg even casting IEA
not fury level
but still good
heh
is that true
the boomkin buffs your tanks
the rogue nerfs your tanks
having to gear 9 hit vs 6 hit on a tank seems like a big deal
tanks dont hit cap in TBC?
what
but on prepatch its not gonna work pepehands
thats sad
muh wbuffed felguar ddream
arms would be in melee group normally
like you dont wanna drop battle shout from your melee group
if you have one
just to give BS to pets
the fury gets the hunter slot because the fury gets lust over arms
yea you could have the prot in melee group I guess just depends what you have
we have tnks in w sorta random bunch
the rogue would lose battle shout but possible gain lust gain trueshot aura
it depends what you got but 3rd BM seems more optimal
o ye
the way we have it is theres sorta a shit group w the prots and a resto druid and the survival hunt
question -  is having a single affliction and fire locks rest actually a buff for spriest DPS
since fire locks dont consume ISB
nah its a nerf right
ye
we went over that
did you try 1 demo
1 demo better than 1 shadow
right
why hyjal
low armor?
Heard ppl think Hmech gem will be unique
Deep destro in aoe comp
does FG get boomkin hit
Destro pot is the big drainer
Need tons
I got a heroic gem on beta and its not unique equip
not the mech one tho I got one from heroic underbog
radiant chrysoprase
its possible that  it pulls ahead depending on how your pulling the dungeon
for a speedrun kara specifically, if you are pulling one pack at a time , and truly have 0 time to sac pets because your going super fast. Then its possible that you prefer succ sac and shadow bolting .....
However, Id say that its pretty easy to pull 2 packs at once in Kara, and that means you would be aoe capped
which means it doesnt matter if you sac an imp
However, if you are considering shadow you should probably considre demo instead
The current reason mages want to be arcane in T4 is mainly because they want to skip spellstrike and arcane = fun.
Is there ever any situation you would get more dps out of hellfire
in a heroic yesterday, one of the pulls is like a 7 mob pack and I was told to aoe them down. I tabbed seeds and they somehow ALL blew up at exactly the same time - I had 5K dps and the entire pack was dead all at once
it was so fuckin glorious
but if one blew up early I probably woulda died
we might need a channel for seed coomer moments
with lust so you get as many seeds out and then they boom
I can see shadowfury being sick for heroics
the problem is that seed is a dot, and blows up after X dmg, so 4 locks dots will cause early blow ups
but you each start on diff target, tab em around
try to coom
theres defs interesting ways you can optimize seed tho
tanks no longer exist you just imp blizz and seed
hello
https://tenor.com/view/kung-fu-nuts-kung-fu-training-pain-endurance-gif-7886249
Am I supposed to know you
LOL
Vi are you terrordactyl
you hve the same pic
probs not same just similar pic
theres alot of sick enslave targets
throughout the heroics/raids
1. yes
2. per target yes
yes
yes
well the optimal way to not die usually is to kill it because your gonna rip when you start seeding I find
at least in heroics
like your better off shtting out 5 seeds and hoping they die
than seeding once
cause you rip either way
just depends
you gotta play to your tank
stop using default UI
its 2021 your not some kinda purist hipster your just gimping yourelf
you can have a UI with a certain aesthetic without gimping your own gameplay because your too stubborn to change
its no different than using default keybinds for no reason
yea sure
swedish tavern is a streamer
his UI is cringe
Ppl say they are stubborn purists but usually they are just too lazy/dumb
True
Whats the diff
Honest q
Okay when ppl say default ui I assume its the default.
Not a ui enhanced with addons
This is what happens when your UI is shit
sorry â¤ï¸
true
i cant meme healer parses tho
yea lmao your healing meter is fuckin awesome
that is how I imagine my healers are playing
no threat meter in sight
healer meter bigger than raid frames
i think only in precast situation but not sure
like who
again I consider default UI to be the UI that is defaulted to
ofc
the packages can be nice for not having to deal w each individual addon that breaks
but they are also bloated
tradeoffs
So I am sure we will see a myriad of strategies from melee stacks to hunter stacks to caster stacks
well I expect, I am not surre
but "standard" comps have a hunter group a lock group a melee group and sort of a weird mana group w spriest mage etc
and yea hunter stack doesnt seem like the play
I dont see why you NEED an ele to function
but you dont NEED an enhance / feral for your hunters
I mean totem of wrath or not im still dickin on every other class on beta LOL
like im not suggesting you dont take an ele shaman but need is a strong word here
if your target is the highest possible raid dps I figure you just stack locks for days tbh
then you dont have to run all these extra shitty classes to support phys
like arms wars
but like 90% of guilds arent gonna stack locks thats aids
splt running for loot
right so you gut all those slots that prop up hunters/ melee
and just run locks
and you have more "top" dps slots
its a theory
melee can dps on the move
it could work too
I dont really see a world where hunter stacking is the play
melee stack or lock stack
locks never die
the 12 warlock seed spam would truly be a sight to behol tho
if your in a guild thats sweaty enough to do it, IDK why you would want to play melee stack 2.0 after doing all of vanilla
seed coomers sounds way better
HYPE HYPE HYPE
your such a chad
fuck I love zulp
imp blizz + scorch is prolly bis if you are in fact doing some sort od aoe degen things
or you just dont take a mage
since tbc beta bb
alot of kara is slowable
I mean its nice because if they werent slowable you wouldnt be able to seed much LOL
tanks cant really hold seed theat at all
good tanks kite it seems
dont see how tanks are gonna survive fat pulls
if you dont
yea tanking looks boring
lol
I think a good tank will be helmin the raid making callouts while he holds bosses
WIill have to see a prot with spellpower
prot pala w spellpower
Yea id shill that too
onslaught had Fei right
on sham
I guess they dont have much SP on beta
heard they only get good SP tank gear in T5 but I keep seeing it drop so IDK
on alliance you literally spam heroic strike BT and WW
I could play with a blindfold
hamstring makes it slightly more involved on horde
Tuesday
normal reset
you just make another toon
yes
if your locked atm you cant do kara on that toon for a week
streams can be a good way to get in good group
like tune into someone streamin beta
and try to join up
Ouro makes groups for kara all day long
think hes done like 30 karas or something
its quite hard on this iteration in a pug
you need a pretty perfect comp
and non afk healers
aran is aids as fuck did they fix it yet
So Nightbane adds are magic immune and have a immolation aura. Nightbane does some weird physical breath at the healrs and blows them up if no armor
you have to have enough phys dps to kill the skeles in time, and 2 tanks that are smart enough to separate them so you arent eating 5 immo auras as tank
and armor on healers helps
for Shade of Aran I hope its bugged its reallyy fucking wack
the blizzard seems to take up the whole room and be unavoidable
early blizz feels like nearly impossible without a resto druid
and he runs all over the place and melees ppl and counterspells them and shit
ye so pala sham healer should pick up a shield
priest can use ironshield
yea your probs right
just healers dying is what you notice
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1011756526
can see some of the aran garbage
mayb im just dum but it doesnt seem like mechanics you can play around
most kills are just high dps zergs
I mean to be trruly exhaustive you can consider how the fire mage benefits other fire dmg in your raid (shaman, melee w flamecap, imps, sappers), and remember that you dont have weaker SoC if you do have time to sacc a succ or are aoe capped
and even that if the arcane mage doesnt take innervate, someone else gains dps
I mean you lose 15% seed dmg when you dont have succ sacced, but otherwise its the same spec. If you cant sac succ for speed, and your not aoe capped, then yes you are losing up to 15% dmg. Seed still goes brrr tho. Kara trash is gonna die in like 4 seed casts so does it even matter if you still kill it in 4 casts either way
Its possible you find windows to swap pets right like what if a pala gotta build some threat so you can nuke it all w seed or something
well seed is aoe and doesnt scale much off spellpower, the only piece of gear you wouldnt have for shadow bis is FSW boots
and the weap enchant
1 lock only being fire kinda sounds shitty
1-2 atiesh, well shadow closes the gap as it gains spellpower but I dont think that is a problem
well it might be hard to run 3 arcane mages
just because then theres less reason for mage to scorch 5x
and less ISB for sp and your aff bro
theres same downsides less upsides
Ryu does bis change the neck only when you dont have draenei?
so cloak and wand?
spriest as well
boomy
not ele
yea
well minor ele if they nova totem or w.e
lol memer dreamers
their argument is something like "since they put tinnitus on drums and thats a wrath thing we should get CoE nature from wrath too"
lets just grab dungo finder while we at it
apparently
1 warlock comp and forced affliction would be a "im finding a new guild" from me
like any comp can probably be made to work. But the casual compers will realise that its not very fun to be playing with scuffed groups that can never pump
jesus 3 rogue 2 fury
like why is your boomy and lock on the bench but 3 rogues are in
holy never in the ele group over that fire mage
swap bear and combat rogue to buff hunters
surely theres cases where you would want shadow right
like there was a guy yesterday with 1 aff 1 destro,    probably a fire mage
well sorry he COULD get the mage to be fire
but the mage wasnt fire
so its like is it worth it to make mage be fire for literally 1 lock, dropping ISB alot for the aff and SP
for raid dps increase?
like your losing ISB and only gaining the buff of one fire lock......
with COR does he just go demo
literally no elements
warlocks just get some dot slots
i think rogue/fury still tops in prepatch
they lose alot less at 60 than 70
and they are still wbuffed warriors
sweeping on trash will make up the loss of wish
for overall DPS
yea sweeping and both hand whirlwind
death wish sucks for boss parses but warriors gain I think overall DPS
rogues are buffed too tho right and they are real close to fury so I think they win single target
everyone loses consumes but I think casters take a bigger L there ?
ye but we chillin up at 2.2k AP currently
so its like k
orllly
I thought it was shadow coming ahead late
ye
so realistically you swap in T6 no matter what
Ideal comp for dungeon spam = 2x mage lock prot paladin priest?
assuming a lock is in the group
Do you still do dungeon spam for leveling in a non mage cleave group? Orr just farm rep and then go quest
Elements is better because it fucks mages over
I'll say this one last time, I dont give a FUCK how many times my raid leader tells me to Curse of Elements. I will NEVER do it. FUCK that. You think im gonna sacrifice my precious GCD for an ability that does 0 damage? SUCK MY DICK. You wanna go check the logs and call me out for not using CoE? I fucking dare you because you'll be looking right at the #1 damage dealer cuck. FUCK MAGES. You blue water slaves will NEVER benefit from MY CoE.
cmon how much dps loss is COE to COD or agony
also COE works for classic
for the last 6 phases of curse of elements casting
shhhh
something tells me mages that dont care about raid dps dont care if you curse of reck
lmao its just meming
mages spam that pasta all day long
jus dont get offended by copy pasta memes based on warriors not sundering in classic wow
whats th 5-8k gold?
not ppl who play classic wow KEKW
I mean ppl nowadays think pepefrog is a racist symbol
dumb ppl
ðŸ“ 
Whats this buff?
Stratt MC?
Im thinking of being engi for mote farming at least to start swap ench eventually
We need so many primal lol
at least we dont have an empty FAQ and Specs page like the mage disc
Felguard seeems vetted
I have concerns about 3+ demo locks all keeping FG alive in a raid
the dmg you lose if he ever dies is so big
but in theory, he can live with minor healing support
in 25 man its like another 4 things to heal up to full after a mechanic chain heal or not
in 10 man, theres only 2 healers and they prio everyone else over your pet
you can play around it for most part but theres still moments hes hard to keep up
like on paper its easy to keep him alive but in practice buggy shade of aran blizzard makes healers stressed just keeping players alive
anything goes bad in a fight and they are no longer focused on keeping your pet up
if your pet catch a dragon breath in current iteration hes dead
RIP fire?
we shouldnt keep secrets like the warrior disc
If Demo is within 20 dps of fire, then its probably not much of a raid increase to be fire.....
But Ii guess you tack on dragonling
its a 1 time craft
you use it over and over
someone has no dragonling in his classic raids cringe
can prepop but if you want full uptime for fight theyd sac a trinket slot
no shot you get ppl to do that though
unless super sweaty guild
theres a limit lol insert ahlaundoh getting ppl to juju his pet memes
I dont think mages are actually too hard-on for arcane in T4, most seem willing and happy to be fire in T4
they just dont wanna play arc fire in T5
Demo in T5 would be shitty for all the seeding
right?
highest military?
hard enough to catch a heal on shade of aran is the FG just gonna get smoked in T5 content
when you say alot has to go right, you just mean the pet needs to not die right
what are the buffs on pet you assume typically?
Yea Demo still sounds iffy if your assuming full raid buffs on pet
I really like agony in heroics while threat builds for seed
But mayb just tab elements is better
Well any multi target you could agony
If three mobs are together then sure seed. If they are all split up like HKM agony
You want fetish 1000%
Seed threat is annoying af
CL doesnt care about ele
I think you can pepper it onto mobs before you seed for lots of trash in kara really
you cant just seed on the pull most time
unles you ahve some chad sapper tank
blowing primal fires
so you can seed kara trash
yea you can trheat trinket , soul shatter etc
if you havent playd yet though your in for a shock on the AOE threat problems
everyone will go in a heroic
seed on pull
wipe the group
snapshot
til cata right?
orc is hard bis if you care about PVE
why fuss about losing T2
ppl argue orc beats UD at high levels
debatable
Belf is certainly worse
UD debatable I think
im sad that it seems we are last prio for T5
favorite set
does anyone know how pet names are assigned? If I clone my char to PTR and summon FG will that be my FG's name on classic prepatch
lmao
I have hade Toothun and Jhuuthun
apparently when you ask about 1 button macro in hunter discord they have a bot that links you to this discord LOL
well bloodfury lasts 15 seconds
so you sim for 3 minutes
does your sim stack it in lust?
yes
Flat OOM is what the arc frost mages gonna b amirite
ah shit
flaatom
not oom
rip
always has been
ðŸ§‘â€ðŸš€
you just have to beg ppl for buffs every time you summon
you can scroll your pet as well
i imagine bis gear is similar to shadow ?
so FSW boots gridle of ruination
shiiiiit
we need the true raid dps analysis where someone else gets innervates
id let him pick
and then id heavily judge him based on  his choice
my body is rready for palas to take our weapons
I think its likely the palas take our weaps all game long
and its probably for our own gains too
all prot palas must farm glad weapon kappa
if your buffing locks, it could last a long time. if your in a shadow priest group which sounds like you should be, you can probably replace it very fast
I missed him saying no boomi
the real play is since you have atiesh, you SHOULD be destro
and someone without atiesh should be aff
or mayb the true 5 head is you affliction to yoink replacement for atiesh
and then swap destro kekw
zhardoom / archimonde sword is when weaps get better than Atiesh in desttro group
see my answer
but technically you should be the last one to get that weapon as atiesh aura strong
yep
but you should get some prio on other things since you dont take weaps for so long IMO
Is it always the case that any given piece of gear adds more dmg to someone without atiesh
Even if atiesh boy is sitting at 20 crit and the non atiesh is sitting at 50 and the gear pce adds crit?
I like how you dont want to shit on the person you refer to as your buff bitch
<3
One of the other locks in my guild has mana regen meta gem on beta
Getting him to jc neck gonna be rough
He just threw together before raid but god dam
Spell pen is always useless right? Do you do another cloak enchant then?
FG probably has the same buggy slow casting of spells
as imps do
bind cleave to shadow bolt I guess
i guess so
Yes this has been considered many times
nah
only aff likes the 51 shadow neck
its FSW boots and girdle
the latter
you could have like 4 gear sets in T4
shadow fire threat reduc (t3) Seed dps (dungeon set)
affliction could be a 5th
(with more hit)
I think that casual players will struggle with farming a million primals for spellfire for possibly one phase of fire play
Demo can be very frustrating to play. Your parse and dmg is ruined if your pet dies ever
to some its fun, to others its brutal
yes? But then your literally 0/21/15 or something
saccing succ in demo spec feels dogshit
not only is your FG doing 20% of your dmg, but having a pet out is giving you some major buffs in demo spec
if you sac succ as demo your effectively 0/21/15
If ppl decide demo is bis ill probably play it but the logistics of keeping the felguards alive for the duration of a raid make it so fragile to me
I dont like specs where like anything goes wrong and your just scuffed. Progression, Nightbane, its not all just easy faceroll
Like arcane mage too, its all great when your hitting 2 minute killtimes. But what happens if you got a scuffed kill on nightbane and your druid dies no innervate and you just OOM and your ddps grinds to a halt
its just feels bad man
shadow or fire destro just keeps pumpin doesnt give a fuck
yea I literally am making that argument, I am drawing a parellel here between arcane spec and demo in how I dont like flimsy specs
Late T6 for raid dps?
TBH I dont think ppl know for sure that fire is the play in T5 even if we think it is
remember FG doesnt have ruin. Your DPS is way down without FG out
other than like quags
do you not run quags as demo ?
ya mark of the champion is griefed for demo too
well I figured its Icon + some other trinket
and that other trinket would be quags/mark/ ????
mark of the champion doesnt boost your pet
true I guess
Im just gonna go fire and cross the bridge in T5 when I have to
but definitely some ppl will struggle with that gold commitement
time is money friend
gold/farming primals are interchangeable in my mind
wat
tru
or some of these investments if they pan out
GDKP -> buy prof mats - > hope to double up
You use dots that will last full duration or near full duration and shadow bolt
Is there a prepatch affliction spec
If I wanna curse of element simp
Warlock gets netherspite blue beam over hunter right?
Bc pet doesnt get beam boost
Just open the sim in #simulations for  a quick ref bis
theres sets already in it
well at least writing it here probably helps someone else not ask same question
lol
and you pass magus blade to prot pala sadge
its literally just gonna be prot pala gets sword and then locks do
other classes get dagger
mayb youll gte a dagger in your 10 man
but its really fine . When your a premium dps class you only care about premium items
T4 weapons, w.e
boom can dag
ele would wear the green neck
or boomy
I mean you  have higher dps anyways because you have 3 JC necks in your group
Id say you just rotate who does the bitch neck
not every week same guy on bitch duty
it really wont suck LOL
if your in a min max group with JC necks popped
your not gonna be crying cause your missing a few stats from your other neck
your gonna be pumping
but your not gimped because you have 3 buffs
its just perspective
TBC isnt a time to be selfish about your personal dps
shits wack
yu get JC buffs you get lust you pump
your not gonna be able to tell even the diff its like 1 crit RNG who ends up on top
some ppl hate playing the game
if you hate playing the game and raid log
youll probably still hate it in tbc
doubt
naxx with 25 unbuffed 70s
ill believe it when I see it
your power level at 70 is like the same or worse than your wbuffed power level right
mayb a bit better when your all geared up
Happy to find Heroic mech is like one of the easiest heroics
I have 2 gems on beta alrdy
its been 50/50 so far whether it dorps
drops*
depends heavily on sweat levels
thats higher than any number I woulda gave
but mayb
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/53xNXWmUpeSDFyew1ZX5Gr

15 gems here
idk the thaddius boss dropped a gem every kill I did
think you need like another 5 or so more for T5
but if your also doing a shadow set maybe more
no idea if you need them in T6
call it like 25 gems or so
but at least its one of the best ones to farm for badges anyway
should be easy to get group
what if it was like heroic alcatraz or BM gem
and ppl were still confused as fuck on launch?
cant lose players to From Ashes alpha
ship it
I mean some ppl would easily get addicted to some other MMO and stop playing wow
dont think its a big concern
more likely they are hemorraging subs as ppl stop playing classic
cause they bored
this will fix their quarterly
yea
I defs prefer a bit longer prepatch
but at this point im booked off work so dont change pls
lol
the 5 head play by blizz give ppl only 2 week to level pala. They fail. Then they release new boost for palas
ppl pay because they didnt have time to level pala
I want T4 to be long enough for me to farm exactly what I need fuck eveyone else lmao
jk
T4 should be long get your alts leveled, get attuned rep farmed get cozy
i wish there was a mount farm tho
like raven or drake
fuck demon ram
qutting the game speedrun
6 month tbc 6 month wrath and gg
Ye basically if you zerg leveling in 4 days, you should be bored midway through the phase thats the proper timeline lol
Bwl phase lasted too long
Id say
P2 was a blast tho
Those are the glory days
Noone looks back on fucking aq
You look back on  P2 pwnage w the boys
Mayb im biased i had p2 BRE
Aq20 was so weird so many guilds dont know how to path it
We had server speedrun record and didnt speedrun or buff
Well the proper route skips trash but ypu dont go into the gauntlet lol
You kill buru then mount to moam
Idk i saw all kinda dumb routes
Warr cloak
Plenty of good loot I dont hate aq20 any more than zg but seems like most do
what would be like the best shadow fury spec to spam dungeons with at 70? Im tryina screw around on beta
Do I just do DS with no DS

imp ds reduced threat was the reason I went aff over aegis
and COA was kinda just a treat
yea that was my thought
i use it sometimes before seed spam because my warr tank lack the threats
but one of the drain talents or more demo prolly better
true if im waiting to seed mayb I just ele or something
I did the spec I posted above so I kinda just was like k I can get fel intellect or I can get imp curse and agonsy mayb I can do more dps
should prolly get drain or something tho
wait what isnt it just 10% reduction of threat on all aff spells
thats unfortunate about the other portion of drain soul
but yea thats not why I took it
yea mayb not necessary in amazing groups but im just screwin on beta
tho really 30 sp from aegis doesnt seem better
What is that wand
Yea but why is he using it is my q
fire
because it does more damage
yes

shadow is bad in the sense that its the lowest DPS of all the specs
that ppl use in PVE (besides aff)

these sims are a bit dated now
probably better to sim for yourself
they are the same spec
you sac a succubus
sure
its FSW and the girdle
and a weap enchant
yes so if you go fire you wont have bis shadow boots
unless you respec it later on for some reason
its only hard if your lazy
or if you have a stubborn mage
demo probably wins for all of gruul tbh
but demo is dogshit in kara
well n ot dogshit
but pretty shit
no he cant
hell fucking die
also this just in
nightbane skeles take magic dmg again
demo is fine but I think destro in kara is better and more fun
netherspite beam doesnt boost fegluard
you dont have all the raid buffs to boost felguard in 10 man
various issues keeping FG up
demo is depresso
what
you sac the imp when its oom
that doesnt work for shadow
machine whip succ
idk just get mech gems kappa
Think its more like 1 in 2
it drops off multiple bosses
Ruby Drape lasts longer
Adornment might be most contested
well you can sandbag gruul sword and then yoink leviathan
but if you have necropolis cloak you probably dont care about ruby drape
SF is full chad in dungeons
feels great
is it? not from my experience
Just hit 70 fast
Thats why you don play low pop
acquired fetish in soft res pug rolling against noone
ðŸ˜¦ Picked up good gear tho
Warlock is pretty miserable in classic
prepatch should spice it up a bit tho
shadowfurys a blast and should get lots of use out in naxx actually
mayb hes splitting affl and affl ruin
yea
and spamming macro to get ppl to buff and heal your pet
Lol no its not
No fire mage and playing demo sucks
He says 0 chance and then waves his hands about pull size
you can 100% pull the majority of seed trash 2 pack ata a time and be aoe capped
in kara
if you dont take a shadow priest, why would you cast shadow bolt?
why do pull sizes need to be consistent what
then dont swap. Just because your seed is slightly less efficient on a few packs doesnt mean its actually slower. for the whole run.
Tell me specifically what trash in Kara you tihnk you wil pull one pack at a time and not be aoe capped and that will crater your speedrun.
its 0 chance guys papadums told us
well if you come in and say there is 0 chance of something and then have nothing to back it up and switch to "we will see" you a ðŸ¤¡
o no im a snowflake..... anyways
bis enough to go engi over enchant?
wouldnt it be bigger for a hunter going from blue set - > T5
let them have their T5, take the Vash chest
doesnt arc fire have all the benefits of mana sustain for AOE
just no icy veins
huge for ooming, flamestrike bis if aoe capped
aff always used imp
to me the problem w fire in T5 seems to be that you seed or aoe on most boss fights
and wont be capped
tidewalker? Vash?
its still reducing the benefit your getting from fire at all
3
shadowfury is so fun can we just make  that the meta spec
ðŸ˜¦
always aoe capped. chain aoe stun til mobs die
make it happen
the QOL in heroics is fuckin amazing
ofc
Im just joking around really
but MGI mayb mayb mayb
just get a spriest in group kekw
what im hearing is if theres a spriest in my kara and a fire mage I can justify shadow fury MGI destro
thats easily the chaddest spec
GO GO GO
GAS GAS GAS SHADOWFURY BIS
i imagine shadowfury kills any trash pack faster than 15% more seed dmg in kara
could justify shadow fury for controlling big AOE pulls similar to imp blizz arguments in kara
and imps COULD live
is it actually casting as fast as it should be
check combat log
it doesnt have a thinker pause but it still casts slow

look how the number jumps by 3 often
it should cast every 2 s
seems to be more like 2.4
I dont think spamming firebolt is even fixing it tbh
no it doesnt
it casts every 2.4 seconds
so every 3rd time it goes to 3 second gap
that looks proper
im on bet
beta*
not PTR
Are you talented?
okay. then it should cast  1.5s
yea this now implies to me that its still slow casting
its always changing and being refined it seems
but a quick ref bis list -  look at the #simulations  Jpaint sim
theres some gear sets there
guys I promise arcane does as much dmg as locks with no innervate sims are wrong on private servers shadow was best so shadow is best
uhhh
4 seeds into shadowfury
sometimes I tap at full mana just to keep my healer on his toes
I tabbed out 500 curse of recks a raid and had no weaving no COS
therefore I deserve fire mages
I dunno proper comp is kinda your world buffs in TBC
if you cut from proper comp your cutting like 4% crit here, 4% phys dmg there, etc
yea just less hunter lock
thats not so bad
but imagine being a guild with a proper comp outside of 3 furys that refuse to reroll
everyone else playing for good of the raid
and these 3 fury boys
your surv hunter gonna be like hey im playing BM we have 2 furys in raid anyway
then your aff locks like fuck it ill play destro
its all funtimes comps dont matter
and then your raid is dogshit
thats what they all say then they play it
I think 1 fury is pretty fine
as long as hes dedicated and shit
he shouts and they can pump
a good fury can pump harder than some dog hunter reroll who gets his pet killed every fight
and cant do the rotation
same
thats just how rogues are
its part of their lone wolf/selfish RP
I legit think rogues have an inherent selfishness related to the RP of the class
1 melee group is plenty
rogue expose bot fury glaive
contributing to the cancer that is glaives in arena is degenerate
give fury
most popular pug option is wipe on aran and disband
you would use both glaives on fury
i think your high stabile
haste proc
if anything you wouldnt use OH cause its fast
but its bis still
they are bis for both
dont get memed
yes
in the sense of alternates
but fury does WAY more damage than rogue. If you have a slefish rogue refuses to expose. and a selfless arms warrior playing shit spec for good of raid. Who REALLY deseves glaives
so in terms of pure PVE glaives should go to fury but if you think about pvp then yea rogue
agreed
I agree ofc
pvp is the reason id shill rogue
but its worth consdering if you got an arms boy and selfish rogue shit
what about it
well the crafted sword specifically would be used in PVE
hes making sword over mace because hes saccing his PVP for PVE
arms is high on the list for nether prio
gets dicey if hes making the mace
its really hard to reward him
the idea is he loves to pvp and collects pvp bis
but most ppl are fury reroll pve andys
they dont care about cata edge
its rough. if your guild isnt super min max it will hard to expect an arms to sac his gameplay for good of raid
but basically everyone chips into buff bitching in a good raid (except arcane mage)
and the arms follows suit to be a warrior in a good guild in TBC
I do think they make a good case for glaives if they play selflessly and the rogue plays selfishly
if he refuses to expose and pvps theres a discussion IMO
if he does his part
well what if you have 2 rogues
do you give second set to rogue too
i disagree
I think that you have humans in your rai
that deserve loot
and even if glaives is min max best on rogue for pvp
doesnt mean the rogue just gets them
min maxing legendaires is pretty cringe
esp min maxing legendaries for pvp
based on class I mean
based on player min max
bis
but ye begs the question why you have a rogue thats dogshit in your raid
mayb you can bribe an arms with ashes
well see
I think over long term any non top performing guild will struggle to hold hard support classes like Arms @Korvo
is it cheaper to level to 300 tailor now w prepatch
mags eye? prot pala trinket
its for prot palas
nuff said
dont macro it in its kinda grief to BF every time you trinket
MS yourself and die
Hey so in classic you know how there is like optimal use for trinket eg ZHC -> Corr -> bolt spam -> corr, Toep -> corr before pop and spam bolt
is there something similar for TBC trinkets
or for like a wombo of trinket +destro pot + BF
Is it optimal to put up dots and then pop Icon+BF+Destro and spam bolts/incin or pop before dots
they do
they dont snapshot the ISB benefit
it could depend on haste
Icon lasts 20 seconds
destro 15 seconds
BF 15 seconds
^
why is SL that way
like is it just quirk
or is there a logical reason
huh
paint you gotta know the answer to my question about optimal trinket usage
20 seconds trinket evenly divides into 8 shadow bolts so I am guessing shadow just spams bolts in Icon, or possibly you corruption when the destro pot runs out
with Fire you have to put immolate back up. 
You corruption
You pop Icon Destro
0 s: immolate
2s:incinerate 6 times. 
15.5s:reup incin s
17.5 s: one more incinerate
19.75 s: re up corruption
this sounds good for fire with no haste
figuring this out with lust and various haste numbers seems a PITA tho
o
well mayb you do corruption because your gonna have room to insta cast at the end of your Icon ?
I mean my question is how to optimize typical trinket use at 70
or if your snapshotting a doom it matters
obviously you pop all your CD so you can snapshot a fat curse of doom
memers
Pins
In pve and food
Pins
In pve and food
Pins
In pve and food
Which seals cant be twisted
Anyone know
Its more their talents are reset and cant think for themselves
Need spoonfeed
Anyone know which seals cant twist?
Dont make me pala disc
Sounds scary
You cute lil jpaint seal tell me the answer uwu
I went to the pala discord for answers.
They hadnt even seen the post yet
Nice gamers
SOC > SOB I think
but I legit had to post the blue post
so im waiting for an ELI5
so what I gather for us is we can have a fel pet perma chase a rogue even if he vanishes
and we can eat while in combat and doing so
and cant be sapped while eating in combat
pretty POG?
@Skycrab
dont we trust paint sim more
what
nothing dps does makes or breaks a raid
unless you ninja pull a mob or refuse to CC
i have a q
how do you plan to use tailor alts to make spellcloth if you have to be in netherstorm and kill a lv 70 elemental
doesnt work
if you dont do enough dmg
you dont get q reward
youll need someone to help you kill
i guess you just get ppl to help you
@Ryusei read Caranthirs post
the long one
eh
depends
what kinda mood you in
I mean his original post was that it sims super close and wouldnt be raid dps increase but he never wrote what assumptions he applied to sim to get ther
sorta just sounded like he dropped ISB uptime for fire arbitrarily
and didnt do the same to shadow
yea guilds transfer all the time
to get R14
to get world bosses
to "dominate"
with mixed results
top 99% means your better than 1%
thats pog
ayyy
yea but I wrote more
o did ryu miss the blue post too
drowned by fire v shadow memes
cat dead
power shift dead
dont play cat
https://eu.forums.blizzard.com/en/wow/t/burning-crusade-classic-not-a-bug-list-may-18-2021/279764
not a buncha lock shit but some memes about pets pwning rogues
ret in shambles
feral cat destroyed
nice intermission back to fire v shadow
what happened to enhance?
thats old shit
baited
if you think enhance wears annihilator you subscribe to all melee wearing anni
change my mind
aat least until debuff is applied
and you will re-equip it if it ever falls off
or comes near falling off
even ahl agrees
everyone wear anni
Yea I think thats likely
thats why I wrote
if you beleive enhance wears Anni, you believe all furys wear anni too
even the tank
and anyone else who can
demo nerf tho
muh FGs arpen
@Hannu Well in classic all bosses had 0 armor and the 1 boss that didnt ppl DID use annihilator/rivenspike/bashguuder
Twin Emps
why cant they just use riven spike?
o right right
ye
wtf
BE is dogshit
fuck BE
fem orc bis
always has been
tauren warr prolly bis MT
yo ppl in FC saying all your mail gets deleted when prepatch comes out
true?
do you still use spellstrike for aoe over metagem
if metagem is in
or do you just skip it
yea I guess spellpower proc is not huge
crit
shadowfury MGI shill
you cant put a price on the value of shadowfury
changed my name so I can seem cooler than paint
#simulations
yo this discord is poppin boys
so active
ðŸ¾
let imp pump till its oom then sac it and pump as fire
or if you are looking for the chaddest spec, you get spriest and take shadowfury
also your taking talents to buff the imp
in theory MGI without sac and a spriest highest dmg tho
enter the chad zone
if theres no spriest, AND no fire mage, you still cast fire spells right
like in a dungeon
I mean you do dungeons with randoms its worth knowing what spell to use
if I get 2pce T4 proc I figure I cast the spell that procced tho
haha
Bc rogues arent alone
Lol alliance pvp
I mean you wrote just pop perception
Why are you a human you have paranoia
Ty haha!
My guild keeps meming me for topping w 1 button so I embraced it @Crix
Wotf is kinda like flash in league it makes a difference even in low lvl pvp id say
But not a big one
its for aoe grinding the aoe stun is pretty useful
its like a ranged nova that doesnt DR with mage nova
and interrupts
using the  pins to look for talents before asking questions
big meta
sorry but someone asks this question every 5 min since prepatch launched
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/498619347778928661/839948784276209705
theres not a clear winner
if your geared your sm ruin or shadowfury
idk why someone would want to be sm ruin when shadofwfury is a viable option tho
shadowfury is so good on trash no?
3) 1031.713 + (2 x (0.2011 x 1031.713)) = 1446.668

You crit for 3x damage
not 2x
with Ruin
well its also tripling the 15% of DS
rather than S+F that only affects a portion of the dmg
okay I see what you did
I think you did it right
jesus
scroll up
ðŸ™‚
theres a pin
you do want a token affliciton
so if your the shittiest lock
you go affliction and cast CoE
still good
doom is stronger and more dot slots
so you can dot
yea now you just mald that your imp dies constantly
enjoy
In step 6 I think you  fucked up. 

Should be (510 + 1.2Ã—(.857x646))
which makes step 7:

 (1174.34 x .97) + (2 x (0.2311 x 1174.34 x .97)) = 1665.6
so if you consider that DS ruin boost your corruption and agony/doom...
also you arent considering world buffs in your spell crit.
if you crit more its gonna push up the value on DS relative to shadow+flame
so with 18% more crit from wbuffs
I think youll find that DS outperforms at that spell power level
but your also ignoring that you will have a pet
in deep destro
yea thats fine
if you assume no wbuffs tho, felguard is probably better
although he might die
they are pretty dam close and alot of fire spells are used on trash in naxx
!prepatch
right
well you actually have a corruption slot now
id just go shadowfury for the funs at that level tbh
who really cares if its slightly suboptimal on singe target
youll do more trash dmg
are you reading your shadow spell power
or your raw spell power
also dont forget mark of the champion
if you have that
mayb you have an atiesh too
looks like missing eyestalk too
I mean you can conflag when your moving or as finisher
but you also have shadowburn
your losing alot of damage because of no ruin and wbuffs making your crit % high
dots dont crit
but you should have a signle affliction in raid anywy
well alot of ppl make heavy use of hellfire in naxx
1 point in soul leech or conflag it hardly matters
but if your moving to spore on loatheb
can conflag
if your moving out of 4hm
can conflag
stepping over on thaddius?
moving to grob
on paper its pretty trash but in practice you can slip in a conflag here and there when trash is about to die and stuff
ds ruin
just get ele shaman
allliance lmao
im a fan of just using the focus modifier
so you can cast any spell w modifier
its in settings
keeps your bars not insanely large too
yea but its still 10% threat on all aff spells
i guess you use insta howl
to gain efficiency
curse corr immo bolt
quags is so good and from heroic
yes you use corrr immo as FG
no ruin devalues bolt
keep up dots as mch as possible
dont give mis info you cast Corruption
sounds like feelcraftng to me
in a normal raid you have scorch but it doesnt even matter
immo is a dps increase especially over unruined bolts
run sim I aint arguing with someone who figures out his rotation from his experience in a single BWL run
I mean I have done 5 karas as FG spec on beta and played it a shit ton
lmao clueless andy
read more talk less
FG is strong at 70
you dont have wbuffs inflating your crit by 20%
why even come to a discord if your gonna argue based on your 1 BWL experience
just go do your rotation you figured out
pins
Just drop hit down on sim and see if quags  ever gets beaten by mags
Gz
They all p chad
Havent seen a shit one
Lol meanwhile warr disc literally malding cause they cant kill boosted FG andies in BG
Seems like no resilience meta nice for locks
yea and they dont have spell reflect yet right
just use pin
fuck article
Pretty sure you corruption still
well its always the thing of if you roll good crit RNG your better off just spamming bolt and alot of locks subscribe to that
rolling for parses
the q was is it worth if talented
but good  info
except you still cast it with FG spec
immo corr bolt
SL when ISB is up ideally
just try to slip your SL in while ISB is up basically and keep the other dots up
thing is soul leech is 0 value when your full HP. You get more mana with imp tap, meaning you spend less GCDs tapping.
if you have good healers, soul leech is just overhealing
but if you want it, consider dropping conflag before imp tap
soul leech I meant
like just the fact that you will have to tap more is a dps loss
its QOL for loathe saph yea
I dont think its worth losing imp tap
but id consider dropping conflag if you need healing in raid
ye
imp will die
is that trinket that increases pet resists used in pvp then
vs other locks
it does
that doesnt change my question
whether or not you have soul link
yea
thats what I was asking
context is soul link being bricked by banish
I ask, do you use this trinket to protect your pet in pvp then
no implication of fel guard
I understand but felguard isnt relevant to what Im asking Im just saying in arena at 70 with (probably) felhunter out
would you use that trinket to protect your soul link buff
sounds like yes
sure
I guess the question is more is there something better to use for pvp making it irrelevant
sounds like no
like theres that resil/stam trinket
yea we are in pve but I just asked because I figured topic was pet getting banished which doesnt really happen in pve
also korvo mod shiiit
gottem
DS most likely
yea do that
shadowfury value cant put a price on it
TBC  =  1 battle 1 guardian elixir. flask counts as both
yes
so you can do like zanza (guardian)  and GAE (Battle)
or just flask
yes
fuck sm ruin go shadowfury
if you never spec shadofury at 70 and seed 5 targets into shadowfury
you have never coomed
trainer
if ppl spent two seconds reading this disc
instead of asking the same question
thatd be great
no just go to demon trainer man
https://tenor.com/view/office-space-lumbergh-that-would-be-great-gif-7919962
press your dots and use shadowbolt
try to keep imp alive
sounds like its fixed
its proc rate is so high
yes
!prepatch
!pins
what is it exactly ppl are farming for?
are you saving for 70 or just picking up HWL gear at 60
and mounts
what can you dump them on at 70?
the HWL blues?
abuse boon to give succubus rend
yes
leveling specs are different than raiding specs
780 with consumes or not
yea do it anyways
who cares
its 2 weeks
we arent parsing
and you have 20 more on gloves from shadow dmg right
just do shadowfury  lol
sad to see no shadowfury on maex/anub
wheres the pad bro
logs
dude I just came to duskwood to get shards and these mobs dont give shards anymore
any spots?
isnt there like 68 mobs out front now
Yea but killing 68 mobs sounds aids
nice.
Im playing affliction what is the best weakaura or addon for tracking dots in raid?
I found that one ty!
I mean you dont have death wish so your not gonna pump ST really anymore
ðŸ™‚
horde bis lol
rend and Blood Fury
meh DS Ruin is probably better than FG in naxx though on that gear
can try it
but its frustrating if pet dies
wrong
have you seen our palas
bro your stuck in vanilla land
ally doing damage meme
no honeys on horde meme
Belves have both shoes and ass
meanwhile you gettin draeneis to send hoof pics

it gets buffs when you pop boon
so just pop boon when you get in instance
I dont think it loses buffs when you despawn it tho
what do you think
I dont know what your asking
but you lost the buff cause of arena?
yea idk
hunters playing piano lose to me scroll wheeling one spell while drinking mountain dew
we dont gotta hate them
Yes they have to try
we kinda dont lol
it gives YOUR buffs to your pet
you can actually rebuff your pet with it
if it dies
thats what is recommend
or just affliction as only one in raid
to buff your team with CoE
FG
heh
FG Soul Link seems better in arena idk
UA cant reach all the PVE talents and PVP talents
if your other locks are gamers
you should be able to chain stuns and avoid death
or does stun not work?
!prepatch
its in pve and food pins
You literally cant reach nightfall AND shadowfury
haha tbh its prolly kinda meme to be shadowfury in Kara but it seems fun.
But I think I would build towards Unholy Power
If your imp can live it could be BIS
Shadowfury MGI wants to cast Incinerate
Do pets get marks
On 4hm
Normally you DS. Or w shadowfury MGI you could have a spriest
Pins in #som-pve-and-food
Pretty sure you do cast it even at 70 not instant
But mayb w wbuff crit its not worth
definitely tempting to try to keep a buncha dots up on multi targ 4HM but risky
I feel like a retard with 5 dots to manage
Oo I have that
I think its still really sketchy to dot them on pull because I wont get tgeir threat drops while the tank does
Like I fetish dot blaumeux and zel and then zerg thane
20 s later fetish gone two dots still ticking and I havent had a single threat drop on blaum
Cause im not taking the mark
Meanwhile tank is taking three threat drops
Does fetish threat snapshot for dot duration
Is it?
Thatd make me feelbetter but frommy exp tanking it it comes from the mark
Doom still fat risk
I swear if you dont take marks you dont get tgreat drop
But mayb any mark drops threat on all
Do I spam bolt as aff on loatheb
Bc of crit
And ignore dots
its 3 crit
btw it stacks w spirit alcohol
whereas rumsey doesnt seem to stack
shadowfury is the bees knees
the cats pyjamas
priests get spirit and give us spell power
so we care now
wat
shiiiit
i didnt know that
warlock in my guild says that I should use drain life to fish for NF procs in affliction
clown or ?
yea I mean I outdpsed this guy in prebis when he was BWL bis
but I was kinda like mayb I shouldnt have taken agony and taken soul siphon
right and I should probably never cast agony
so is soul siphon
heh
yee
so guardian = zanza swift?
o right I am flasking thats why I didnt get this

anything im missing?  havent raided Naxx* on classic lock in long time
ah shit wrong channel
im srry
elvui
tru
but my flask might run out by saph time
im kinda peasant atm
heh
trying to not dump it all before TBC
and I have full consumes on 2 char to tank 4HM on my warr
normally Id bring like 30 sappers to naxx
true and need more bandaids
did yal know theres BiS water and Food in caverns of time
oo
ty
he said its what "they" did "back in the day"
no
no its not
atiesh aura is 33*5 spell power
well no shit
yes you are
you have an atiesh
you little buff bitch boy
your getting replaced
everyone plays for the raid in TBC you shouldnt try to make yourself an exception. Thats how you end up with no aff lock/no imp DS/no JC necks and no parse
everyone starts palying for personal and that ends up nerfing their personal lol
yea w.e
if your obsessing over your personal in TBC
you might be playing the wrong expac
yes I can
watch me
min maxing raid dps is what you do in TBC
if you try to do selfish shit for your personal, others will too.
and those supporting players are basically your world buffs
you lose them, and your personal goes down the drain.
no im pink bitch
even gots me a gold
bet you aint got no golds son
I mean atiesh is a ticket into a good guild with 3 atiesh in same group PUMPING
but yea chuck it out so you can chase pinks
yea lemme know how that goes
it would be kinda broken at insta speed imo
you can still do destro pvp
and shad furys still good
sicko reacted with shadowbolt
because hell be casting shadowbolts and losing to fire locks
in his no fire mage selfish guild kekw
jonkthong
it was shaaroon
i thought you had it
did you lie
as a mod
disgusting
I had Jhuuthun on beta
havent checked yet
flight path
for either faction
true its tbc now
shoes out
thats a Cata prepatch broken ass meme
where they give you perma cc combo inside of FG bladestorm
yea you had felguard throw so they cant kick your fear into hand of guldan while pet is bladestorming
and the glyph for fear to make you stand till
ok sorry beep boop dial up internet rainbow spec rip aggro with single shadowbolt 3 minutes into fight
I used to make pugs where I was the only warlock and everyone else had more gear score than me
yo but what if it procs NF
/yell heal me you pathetic priest is a better drain life
true 5 dots + green beam + nightfall = moon dps full dogcoin
its in a small castle on your way in
you can use the new map Tracker to filter for Food and Drink vendor
you have to ride a decent way into the cavern
yea I mean their cripple is nuts
I mean I think its pretty clear that fire will smoke shadow in T4
welll shadow fury owns our geared locks topped dps in naxx without a spriest
meanwhile I did absolute Ape dmg on affliction
was terrible
felt like shit having full wbuffs and barely getting to bolt
and all the trash dies so fast you gotta just tab elements and bolt
just felt pointless to have 30 talents boosting dots that I cant even use
and then on PW its like 18% crit I barely use
honestly shadowfury padded so much dmg
that I feel like just casting elements and not afflic is better
no its 100% shadowfury
literally 90% of trash locks topping w shadowfury
this was me last night trying to affliction

just put a curse on it
insta incins  mean fire beats demo on gruul
mage tears
you just cast inferno?
ah
I kinda feel like super sapper on CD in aoe meta beats ench rings
like for kara run
haha
no for overall dps fuck speed
they also take like fuckin primal fires
which is aids
I need a warlock padding meme
mayb like   a maxi pad commercial or something
ill work on it
felguards fun for like 1 raid
and then you wish you crit big
netherspite w felguard big feels bad
might as well let the hunter beam
lol no MGI originally refers to imp pump til oom  into demonic sac
but then it was bastardized into shadowfury MGI
mainly because I just wanan cast shadowfury its fun its probably not bis
your losing DS at 70
to do some aoe padds
but you lose 15% dmg on your AOE to have shadowfury kinda cringe
but I can infinitely argue for the utility of shadowfury stun
just play a spec man
try it out
wtf is siphon life ruin
but you should prolly do FG for fun or affliction to hep your raid
if you do affliction you can pretend your not getting hard carried
like me
just tab elements on every mob and say your increasing all caster damage by 16%
so you should be affliction
it fuckin sucks tho
lol
yea your not gonna pump shit

yo what is this
apparently its not equippable anymore
cant equip on beta
kinda troll tho
why not both?
Bug report that shit
if we dont get CSD we should get this right
yea you literally go kill one mob and it drops as quest item
do you just go aff for arena sure it gets banished but still seems like best soul link spec
FG gets old
but its fun at first
I recently learned that BM hunters have 3% dmg to party buff
that stacks
so if your in a 3 BM hunter group as lock you have 9% dmg
thats fucked up man
theres gonna be so many memes to parse
PI BM Group
well they might filter for lusts
WCL is setup to show lusts
its sort of writing on the walls
for lusts
but they aint gonna filter BM hunter memes
yea and bear druids cant parry but bears in elwynn forst at lvl 10 can.

I get a gold bar and it vendors for 2 silver. 

Its a game shit dont make sense
but if group swapping was in TBC it should be same now
and what I am sying is theres a million things that make no sense in the game of WoW
the gamer play is you give your succ rend and use it til rend runs out
but the real faccts is your succ just dies
DEEZ
NOOTS
Its either balanced comp or some stacked comp for meta speedruns
but the balanced comp is more suitable to normal guilds
stacking locks or melee makes loot aids
and will have unique challenges because your missing classes
I dont think theres high chance the meta comp changes much
we have a beta
okay so what "meta comp tht we have all been talking about in T5" are you talking about
that one ^?
Id guess either some kinda caster stack or some kinda melee stack but I am not qualified to answer that question
its frost mage  w scorch
for some aoe memeing
also maximizing the cuck of the mage
just in time to say they cant get guldans head because they need mana trinkets
perfect
Where did his FG go on KT?
alot of fights arent counting the shadowfury dmg on adds
even if its useful
makes shadowfury look bad
yea I mean our locks were going 2k+ on spider trash and the slackers didnt even sapper
yea apparently these locks in neros guild dont know how to hit spiderlings with shadowfury lel
Like Nero did 50% more hellfire dmg on trash than the destro locks
kinda seems like he just played better than them
so where can I see the items I can buy w honor and marks at 70?
4 gold per felcloth
i bought 100s for 25 silver
poggers
Cata prepatch demo op
oof mayb like 4-6 hrs
mayb a bit more
yea theres alot of gold to spend on logistics
and spending time running back and forth getting quests
could be cheap now tho idk
you basically run back and forth to the bug and silithus town and get either a tactical, logistic, or combat quest.  You complete these quests for respective badges. The Logistic quests are just turning in items like rugged leather and shit.
the combats are killing bugs
the tacticals are going in caves and talking to ppl
you need like a buncha logistic badges for Rockfury, including one particiluarly RARE logistic qust
id sooner farm Wrath of Cenarius than Rockfury I think
at this point
mayb wrath sees some niche prolonged use
rockfury is just replace w havok right
sure like its good if you have rockfury alrdy
but I wouldnt bother farming it NOW
yea vendor is silly
T3 is fine but vendor is silly
i would just spend the 4-6 hours making gold
rather than farming rock at this point
mooncloth bags are kinda good easy gold atm
boosting tail alts etc
yes
I got my mark of the champion yesterday our guild barely pulled together a raid
Probably not gonna be able to get Black Book unless RNG blesses this week
so this is what I roll into tbc with
not bad
hell yea brotha
i have honor to buy spellblade but I think its better to save it?
I mean you are gonna raid without this gear
and then your bracers have value
is the whole point
your cooked if you think you do first kara with this
or even third kara
youll get farmed in your first kara by ppl that didnt vendor good gear for no reason
but yes you will still be fine
I mean you just picked arbitrary pieces of prebis that are hard to get
in a first kara situation
ofc anyone can make a slightly better set assuming different prebis pieces
eg: not assuming full oblivion set and just assuming mroe crafted
your basically saying your gonna farm dungeons for all this shit that youd replace anyways/not even need if you had the naxx slot
instead of farming primals
for your tailor bis
you could instead spend that second week farming primals for full tailor bis.
and use your naxx pieces
or spend some time boosting tail alts
printing cloths
etc
and by tailoring
but your going to be spending extra time farming dungeons for shit that is basically naxx equiv
when you could just go straight to tailor bis
like it all doesnt matter but acting like your plan is perfect for a 2 week kara is questionable
tell me
how many primals do you need for full tailor bis
how do you plan to get them in first 2 weeks?
so your gonna drop 30k to get your tailor gear early on
then why you link this set thats missing half the tailor bis
idk im confused
RIGHT BUT YOUR FARMING DUNGEONS FOR GEAR YOU DONT NEED
and then saying classic gear isnt useful
yea because vendoring rockfury was dumb
yea like in 2 weeks theres still plenty of things you could be spending time on, even if your rolling in with 100K gold to buy all the tailor shit
didnt even sapper monka
you cant
tested that shit
blizz griefed locks
could be annoying but I dont think a spellcloth mafia will be a big problm
its not like elem plateua is only place to get primals
eventually every square inch of elemental farming will be covered in bots
but early on
should be fine to farm your sets
im keeping engi tho
so I can do motes
til I have my gear
i wont spend ridiculous gold on ridic prices in first 2 weeks
theyre not unique on beta yea
its a 50% chance they are unique on live id say
either they are or they arent
blizz is totally random as fuck
stuff dies too fast in T4
to multi dot anyways
idk if its worth the effort
i mean the idea of saccing a pet in general for 15% more shadow dmg is not conducive to good pvping lol
The fallacy here is ppl werent shadow destro in the past because it's "Just easier". They legitimately believed it to be optimal.
sure its the comfy spec to do acceptably in ,thats not the reason ppl run the spec on private though.
they run the spec because they believe it to be best
disagree
the numbers are known, the beta is out
ppl know what specs do dmg
yea no shit
noone knows what speedrun looks like or what is best
but now your just saying the same ol shit
we been saying for months
it is bis for dps and that is what I meant
lmao
yea yea yea
zzzz
tell me something we didnt know 2 months ago
yea so your take is the same as everyone elses
we dont know whats best for speedrun
fire is best for pve ST dps
half this discord doesnt give a fuck about speedruns and wants to optimize damage
and your only arguemnt is "it might not be good for speedruns"
thats just this game in general
everything comes w nuance
that often gets lost
ofc ppl are gonna copy the top and apply dumb shit without context
retail turned classic guild 101
ppl wont follow the pserver meta blindly
theyll follow top classic guilds blindly
lol 10 guilds first clear with scuffed gear and whatever spec and you think the meta is written
jesus one log arguments
nice discord
is that even true
trash doesnt get weaved either
and you slip in one more incin cause cast time
and you beat shadowbolt
i mean it exists

theres your guide
I dont think we do lol
class discords dont generally make guides nuancing raid dps bro
all specs are memes
lets cast shadowbolts
hes just saying what everyone already knows
its fine
is that cloak of consumption
and you said full bis
smh
are you full wbuffs? Are you using mana pots and dark runes?
well thats part of it
your mana is gimped cause healers cant hot
and the FG boy still pumps
also a possibility he has bonus talents
is he shadowburning kekw
so he also has better gear than you
there is on paper over 1000 simmed fights dps increases
and then there is the time you just crit 10 times more than average
and shadowbolt beats you anyway
thats just the way she goes
so corr can be a dps increase on paper, but you still get farmed by someone with good RNG spamming bolt
yea its just not a guarantee you beat someone in same gear if you keep corr up and he just spams bolts
thats not how this game works
yes but that doesnt mean you will alwys beat someone who spams bolts
they crit 2 more times than you
and they beat you
it happens
ofc
but ppl come in here and lost on one PW fight to a rainbow spec
and say we must be wrong
they just dont understand how game works
for sure
skill matters
but so does the RNG
ye
though sometimes your both dogshit and the guy who went FG beats you because that spec  is less punished by poor play
unless your pet die
if your dogging on mana pots, or dont have a shadow priest or whatevr
FG could easily be better
in your situation
okay . There are 2 spellcloth sets
Spellstrike is BiS regardless of spec if the metagem is not in game
Spellfire is BiS if you are fire
You only go fire if you have a fire mage
but its the best dmg lock can do
if you dont know if you have a fire mage you shouldnt craft spellfire
but you should craft spellstrike
mages shouldnt go arcane in T4 if they care about raid performance but they are selfish and many will
or at least think they will
yea but youd be selfishly playing your spec and nerfing warlocks by a bigger chunk of DPS than your gaining
it wont
mag and gruul wont be short enough that arcane doesnt oom, nor will some kara fights
yea I have
very much so
have a look at the beta
on beta arcane oomed in about 2 minutes
with some gear and double vate they can last like 1 more minute
some fights in kara are short enough to support that but not all
healers
hell ill use the vate and do more dmg while not reducing raid dps
id never take a vate but illustrating the point
that they are literally taking support to play a suboptimal spec
yes we have been over all this. The gain of fire far outweighs the loss of ISB at least in T4
as the tiers go on that advantage diminishes
sure, but its up to the raid what support to give said mage
Also, thats bullshit. Are you gonna let your Arms warrior choose his own path and play fury?
Are you gonna let yyour affliction lock choose his own path?
Are you gonna let your survival hunter choose his own path?
Are you gonna let your Boomkin choose his own path and just not Faerie Fire?
The reality of TBC is its very much a raid supporting expansiion. Everyone has to make concessions to their gameplay to optimize raid DPS. Unless your casual as fuck and then your basically raiding without world buffs.
Well? Why does the mage get to "choose his own path", while the vasty majority have to play a suboptimal personal spec to benefit the raid?
Arms warriors dont want to play arms
they want to be fury
rogues dont want to expose armor
literally every class does something to benefit the raid
except mages
wrong. Curses
and one of us play aff.
locks one person plays affliction.
and we curse
Arcane int is a fucking joke argument
try again
and one of the locks will play aff. In our raid we take turns who is aff.
so if fury is pumping that earns their spot
if aff lock pumps as destro
that earns their spot
if boomy pumps but doesnt want to faerie fire they earn their spot
like what?
the reality is if you make exceptions because they "pump" then you will end up with 0 supportings and a bnuch of selfish pumpers in your raid
and you will all sufffer for it
not cursing because I pump
I justify my spot
not playing aff either
fuck you
you and Dotslapper
okay so you dont have a rebuttal so you dodge
gotcha
mage justifies his spot because he pumps memes
^
thats just how TBC is.
everyone plays for the raid
every single class
mages get to be the exception in T5
yea it just turns out w 25 man TBC comp is more importnat and its also easy to take 40 ppl and turn it into 25 optimal comp
Also in TBC, your comp is your world buffs
slight deviations from optimal comp is fine but wild deviations hurt alot
sure
Im not really arguing T5 I think T5 is a tough sell for arcfire really
im arguing T4 meme arcane mages
Im more arguing with the attitude that "if they pump they can play their spec", and that mages want to avoid providing support while taking support. And that should be their choice. Because its certainly not a choice for all classes.
yes
the problem is how this unravels. Arms doesnt play arms. Aff dopesnt play aff. surv doesnt play surv. boomy doesnt faerie fire
you just need a guild and raid that is on the same page
if your doing whats best for raid, you do whats best for raid, AS A  TEAM
not make concessions for the one mage
because filling the one mage is easy
if your guild is playing for raid dps
you all partake
yea and many guilds that want to optimize wont be able to do 12 lock if thats meta either
you kinda have to draw your line in the sand as a guild
what level of sweaty you are going for
but I think a typical lvl of optimization involves 1 arms warr, 1 aff lock, 1 surv hunter, etc. This to me is on same level as 1 fire mage.
there shouldnt be a special case for arcane
yep
we did a survey, what do you want to play, how sweaty do you want to be, are you willing to support spec, when can you raid, etc
we got 25 eager boys wanting to go full sweat
yea
i mean after 2 years of classic you kinda know who goes hard
our 25 man looks solid
also, I think your comp might not "matter" much in kara, but come T5, it will probably matter a lot.

Casual guilds will just dissolve
Like its pretty normal in TBC to bench someone cause you need an extra healer to kill the content in T6
or even in T5 to optimize your raid to progress
you dont have wbuffs carrying you anymore
half the naxx guilds wouldnt be naxx guilds without buffs
they would be hard stuck PW
theyll probably prepare for either warlock comp or melee comp (both at same time) through splits
require 2+ alts per person etc
Zirene definitely not biased kekw
i kinda feel that
im sure we will see almost every top guilds tank taking DST
and then ppl will just copy that
If you think Laty isnt taking DST your cooked
prot palas take our sword
thats about it
i think it makes sense to me that they take our sword
they want bloodmaw too
or glad weap, but bloodmaw is still better
yea
i literally gave a femur up to our prot pala last night lol
im sitting on mage blade
our prot pala gonna be such a chad w femur and bulwark tho, bone set RP
full 2.5
thats my boy for instance grind
i opted not to res eyestalk last night
figure T3 belt is good enough
and you get a new belt in prebis anyway
girdle
or spellfire belt
fuck adals meme
yea not for first raid
but still not like I need a eyestalk over t3 for 2 karas
only conflag if you move
and dont need to tap
yes
respec fee
what im still wondering is does the fee scale with level
as is suggested on wowhead
wowhead suggests its a 70 g respec at 60
scaling up at 70
demo
or shadow
demo is so depresso
but its better than shadow
demo is close to fire destro its just flimsy
relies on buffed pet, pet not dying
its a frustrating spec to play
also it sucks cause felguard doesnt get boosted from some mechanics like Netherspite
kinda sadge
youd still be better off demo
if you had spriest or not
thats the sad part of shadow destro
if you dont have fire mage you gotta play demo
and spend your days malding about your pet
it also just feels less competitive with others and more about whether the healer bothered to heal your pet
not really
depends what you consider new
just a meme
its copium of other class discords saying our class is boring bolt spam
when realistically you have more active buttons than a fury warrior
yea its pretty much the bottom spec
until late T6
no. if you dont have fire mage firelock doesnt win
fire lock does rely on 15% dmg from fire mage
otherwise youd be demo for sure
if you had no spriest AND no fire mage you probably go fire
but thats kinda sadge
means you either get them to play scuffed arcfire for good of raid
or you repsec to demo
could make arguments for demo but fire is probably better for your dps in T4 I think
fire mage and shadow priest: Fire
Just fire mage : fire
Just shadow priest : demo
None: Fire
is what I would say
most likely
theres some cases you can make for demo
for example, gruul silence doesnt stop your pet
but if your in a raid w no mage no priest
unlikely ppl buff your pet
all of them kekw
pala blessings fort mark scrolls etc
yea I mean its fine
but then your pet dies cause no heals
and you resummon it
and your asking for rebuff on pet
and noone listens
the spec will make you mald
unless yur healres love you
and keep your pet up
sounds good on paper
gl in practice
if your pets not getting a heal
you FD
resuimm
he just doesnt get a heal again
gg
if your a pugger boy id recommend you play destro
and you can swap between fire or shadow
depending on the comp you have
without respeccing
if you ONLY have a shadow priest
and no fire mage
one thing I wonder is if you dont have fire mage, but you get a Tier 4 proc on your immolate, do you incin?
@Ryusei
and say you do have a fire mage, or you dont have either spriest nor fire mage
do you use the shadow proc
on your corruption
ye you got it
ok unless it procs on doom
i guess 15% dmg from your chosen sac outweighs the T4 proc.
however if your demo
you could flow between them
wat
uh oh what if we sim demo reacting to T4 procs
and it beats fire
haha did I post a SS from raid
alright
ill take that
so Chadowfury MGI WOULD react to procs then
having a buncha demo locks would help that shit section of magic immune mobs in kara
reacting to it isnt too bad if you got a weakaura and get used to it
but sure
yo we got a chad deep demo MGI cuck
one of us
https://tenor.com/view/wolf-of-wall-street-jordan-belfort-leonardo-di-caprio-one-of-us-jonah-hill-gif-5441859
FG is good in pvp until someone casts banish
and then your rolled and smoked by destro
its not actually good its a noob rolling spec
banishing FG turns SL off
and then you get 1 shot by destro
literally only reason FG does well is because ppl are too dumb to banish
demo is good in duels not bgs
gridlock is right
tho you could argue for UA if you have organized team
felhunter in demo?
you have felguard
okay well thats a diff argument then
and yes ofc soul link wins 1v1s
true keep it to fire arguments
Jhuughun
6/10 id say
better than Flaatom
not as sick as Sharroon
cant talk about pvp but we can discuss who got the best FG name
for 10th time
nice discord
Pizpad bis
@jpaint
they like your imp
right but someone says hey this pve spec is good for pvp too and some natural discussion happens after it  that will clearly peter out shortly
gotta play mod police
but imp names?
thats fair game
kekw
yes and that is why there is apin in #som-pve-and-food  ffor ppl to decide which spec
ii think FG spec is actually bis if you lose wbuffs tho
on prepatch
ye
no wbuff FG did 30% of my dps
Google classic  wow discords
I saved our wbuff hunter w intercept FG he pulled and was gonna die cause sleeping tank
And got 3 interrupts on eye beams w intercept was chirping furies so hard
Id honestly recommend shadowfury since unlikely youll ever raid w it again
Whereas demo youll get plenty of reps in
Do you still want  fsw chest/shoulders for aff?
Or just t4
Corr is top i think
SL when ISB is up and long time left to kill boss
you defs dont want to SL anything if its gonna die fast
not sure where the cut off is
but SL is super long duration dot
and you want to get value
even bosses you might not want to SL in last 50%
depends on boss
mage sims are hand picked to make them look good
but yes
they just pick the time that doesnt oom them bro
literally ask them why they picked X fight duration
the reality is we will know the fight durations when we see the fight
like go in mage disc and ask them to compare arc fire to arc frost on a 7 minute fight
and watch them squirm about why they dont wanna give you that number
even a 5 or 6 minute
more than 5 minutes
but the mage argument is they will regen mana in add phases
and that PW sims dont work
they just squirm out and avoid the facts
the reality really is
we will see the fights
and see if arcane can sustain
k dont expect a lock to play aff and buff you either
dont expect a druid to IV you over himself
theres actually a small sub section that agree we need to see the fights in T5 to really know what is best
I just hate the selfish attitude that "I WILL PLAY WAHTEVER SPEC I WANT ALRIGHT?". When in TBC everyone contributes and makes concessions to benefit the raid.
ppl just dont get it because they are used to playing selfish all classic
casting elements for mages for 2 years
and they come and play us like this
wont even have a reasonable discussion
its scum as fuck
nvm not casting dots so that mage ignite dont get pushed off
theyll make their own mage bro play winterschill to buff them
but they wont buff others
mage mafiaed
because you prepop it
its free real estate
it doesnt afaik and even if it did it would be 20 s
also you have 1 passive trinket you swap to
if thats what you mean
so do 10 dps * 180/30
you dont often get lust on pull
but maybe
depend on fight
somtimes lust on pull is good
is 10 dps over 3 min assuming lust on pull?
ye w.e
thats a black book imp estimate right
would be bigger for FG?
ok
yea i could see that
60 pet dps still a ton
shadowfury just does so much trash dmg in practice
the advice is based on ST dps
FG doesnt get buffed on thad right?
and also he doesnt grief your raid on thad?
ye immo
tho you can actually hit debuff limit
esp if alot of fire mages
you favoring this over quags?
hmmm
yes but a proc in lust w destro pot will pop
your telling me its not a dps increase to react to proc and pop my trinket and destro pot w it?
and bloodfury
ofc
Is mark just striaght better than saphs on UD bosss
i guess thats wasy to math
easy*
depends on killtime
who needs a lifeline when you can have chadowfury tho
more we talk about it more I think im actually gonna do chadowfury MGI
its so good in heroic and trash
your gimped on netherspite, proably aran
what else
yikes
thats not horrible
i think thats fine
your only gimpe on netherspite because imp doesnt get boost btw
not a huge deal
he can live
the bigger gimp is AOE I guess
no sac for AOE
but chadowfury
haha
uhhhh
idk
yea like if pull fat meta is in
chadowfury seems poggers
was it doxx that was testing aoe cap
most kara trash is stunnable and slowable too
intensity is the L
playing w no reach hurts man
im not getting alot of push back in kara at least
or gruul
didnt do mag
im p sure my imp has way less hp than that
and seed cap was 13k?
iirc
shadowfury can occasionally be undesirable stun DRs
but usually its gas and great for control
Think how wild the trash clear is w 12 sfury lock
And then mages cant meme us for sacc swaps in speedruns
ye
yea and stun DRs so shadowfury spam only work on short pulls
but still
DRs in pve exist I thought
i always fuck that up
yea right
enslave just DRs because its written on spell
so 12 warlocks is literally perma stun?
i hate gnomes personally
the more you kill the better loot you get in a given week
saccing gnomes to the loot gods
i think it might actually be real

i made this last week
immortal top parsing fury warrior
shadowfury destro is great n all but what about Enslaved kara pup demo
with demonic knowledge
and improved enslave
let me talk to you about our lord and savior Shadowfury MGI
hmmmm
i fucks w it
think MGI is better
we cast incin bb
i guess but nightfall + agony kinda weak talents
i guess mayb imp talents are too
agony is dead take imp DS for seed threat reduc
and we are cooking
also 5/5 suppression
could probably find a better use
bwps spec is like exactly the spec I made for heroic spam on beta
logs of my heroics?
lol
i could link my mech gems
pls give your WA
chadowfury
i looked wrong one
blac book I guess
default to doom over agony might be better
or on small button doom
its nice to know
you can def accidentaly rip w doom
soul shatter @bwps_02
correct
idk just assumed your making 70 WA
not a prepatch WA
idk im sure someone will correct this guy
if hes wwrong
we'll see
mistype
are we sure DR doesnt exist
https://vanilla-wow-archive.fandom.com/wiki/Diminishing_returns
this page suggests certain abils are DRed
including shadowfury
https://tbc.wowhead.com/spell=29858/soulshatter
its 1 word
@Crix I think certain CC abilities do DR in pve
just sheep doesnt
and some others dont
https://vanilla-wow-archive.fandom.com/wiki/Diminishing_returns
sweet
you shouldnt put dkp on it
ofc it is
dkp is alwys about judgement
@bwps_02 can you put the T4 procs
haha
as misc buffs
and quags
depends no spec
on*
p sure its worth it in shadowfury spec
ðŸ™‚
ahh
wrong reply
sorry scheraz
ye
instant spells dont have good coefficients
so I doubt it
you might fish for shadow before you Doom though.
and I think you could prolly fish a proc during lust before you smash destro pot/Bloodfury/trinket button
not always worth to delay cds ofc
okay well say you drums too then
heh
it saves bad pulls
then be fire
dont be dumb
demo is sadge
its fun for 2 raids and then its annoying as fuck
id also put myself w 2 BM hunters for 6% dmg buff, mayb even 3
honestly
its aids
you ask for pet buffs
and you get some
but no mark
and your just like
staring at your pet buffs
malding
what are the blooms for again
fair enough
how does this work
lol
It was :Pepeclown:
when we are talking about shadowfury and improved enslave its not :Pepeclown:
its pure intellect
raw brain power
its like your doing progression having a tough time and your dps is getting butchered cause your pets dying
and your like hey pls heal my pet and the healers just like why the fuck are you pet class
im busy keeping ppl alive
what is tbf
i never knew what tbf is
true
it really is vindication for the locks
and truely deep sadness for the browns
guess you got work to do
your not aoeing hard enough letting them get too much Sweeping charges out
more sappers
more front load
im kinda kidding I think they should top w all the trash and wbuffs really
hes kinda right tho the whole reroller thing is kinda cringe literally ppl have to reroll or run scuffed comps
same w warr disc before classic
how do you optimize your CoR uptime
you tab the mobs as soon as possible
loool
lol palas on my server would pay 10-20x that for wraith blade
mayb even more
theres just high demand for that item in particular cause pala rerolls  horde ofc
pretty sure thats not a bug
pretty sure alot more mobs should be enslavable tbh
what I wanna know is if they made demonic knowledge scale with enslave mob stats
because that seemed to be a bug that it didnt
improved enslave anyone?
idk why it "seems to be too much"
its a lv 72 elite
look how much ZG imps do
ahlaundoh was memeing when he reported it on stream
zg imp does that too
im p sure alot more mobs in heroics are supposed to be enslavable
but mayb thats some "late patch" nerf
idk I think the whole stigmatizing reroller stuff is cringe anyway
I guess? I raid on lock in more vanilla tiers than some of the turbo posters here
ppl literally have to reroll lol
25 warr comp becomes 2 warr comp
its cringe to make fun of em all the time
and call them out with a role
its like the shaman discord with pink colors for 99 parsers
ye
TLDR he went hard on zephan for apparently saying cringe things and banning ppl from fight club and then got ban
Many have
I have fought ken in rogue disc warr disc and mag disc
but usually ken is actually pretty based so we dont argue for long lol
like the mages summoned me  to fight about him fire vs arcane and then he basically just agreed that most ppl prolly should be fire just not him because hes an uber sweat that optimizes trash dps and heroic clears
meh
or they summoned him to tell me I was wrong that warriors get similar DPS to rogue from DFT and he was just like no your all retarded and told the rogue disc they wrong
ken just has hot takes that trigger ppl but he doesnt usually attack ppls char
just arrogant
I mean if you change your name to "kenneth enjoyist" and spend your energy harassing a single person in a discord you should get banned
he got baited into saying something bad
and banned
^
this disc doesnt really moderate properly tbh
should never have let that drama shit last that long
i  guess his problem was his constant appeals to secret authorities
that he wouldnt reveal
like yall meme fight club but they woulda nippe that shit in the bud with a ban before it ever got that bad
alliance tank w salv attempts to DW tank w no wbuffs for no reason?
double crushed learn to shield block
no buffs tho?
dual wield no buffs
bruh
no the man put his shield on
or he pulled with shield on and didnt press block
cant tell from logs
he got double crushed
i dont tihnk you put quotes on the number
yea soul leech seems really solid
alot of ppl dont have it tho
we had like 7 minutes but I was affliction and basically full hp whole time
mayb 6 ill check
it was fucking hilarious
so many rerolls
dmg was so bad
only 6 min
just went from like 10 geared warrs to like 3
alot of our dps were eles and enhances andthey kinda sucks
except our geared enhance
pumps
ye
tanks are dogshit 3 button spam gamers after classic
eh I played tank on private
most tanks are so fuckin bad now man
its not really their fault
its the games for being too easy
kekw
pretty true
muh batching heal
i hard trolled playing aff tho
I used too many dots
its a crit boss
shoulda just bolted
ye
siphon was the one that felt worth because it kept me alive
haha
yea
11 ppl had buffs
no spriest and alot of lock dps
idk what was up other bosses dropped
we have 1 this week
last week the boy wanted to "try out IDS"
lol yea insta cast spam
our heals were off the charts like maexna enrage with web wrap and tank hp not moving
suspect mayb we fucked up and brought too many heals
has anyone posted good aff logs
I did terribly
like I expected it to be bad
but not that bad
I dont think I played it awful either

guess I 15% resisted bolts
Think as long as you geared dubgeon grind can still work
Holy nova  is underrated aoe
But no slows
Guess yea sfury is your control
Yea guess the dps prist is shadow
I got a prot pala w femur and full 2.5
For dungeon spam
Fg will have sburn tho
Lol kinda under planned atm
But seems to be sfury 2x mage 1x prot pala and shaman
And well have to see how fat we can pull I guess
Thats 2x sfury
1 mage
Oops
Yea im dumb my b
His threat is really strong so far in testing tho
Just doing strats
Salv
Yea
And its kinda crazy how chunky they are
I dont think he was tryna get banned but w.e
If anything dranthax was tryna get banned
And mods just encouraged him instead
Yea guess we shouldnt talk about it cause youll ban me
its kt
You literally just threatened to ban me for saying my opinion after opening up the convo yourself.
ok dude.
if hes in a bet why is he peacefully chatting in other discs
w.e
its tbc pve not daily drama
im good man
banish is demo spell noob
ken contributed dranth is just bottom barrel trolling 24/7
I cant because his posts are all gone
but you can still see the drivel dranth posted
yes
soulfire stun so fun in pvp tho
get a pala healer for warr groups
for salv
gratz you dumpstered a boostie with searing pain baits
coulda just killed him either way
hes still right, it only works cause they are an idiot
are you banned from hunter disc?
haha
Only one im banned in is Shaman
because they tried to tell me totem twisting isnt worth it
no but I also got bored of mage one
I am careful not to get baited into their personal attacks on me and drama
Afaik hunters had an issue w their 1 button macro because of some GCD desync thing they had on private that they dont have on beta
that lead them to do alot of optimizations to their rotation but cant make it in a macro
so if a god hunter can actually do the crazy rotation shit
they should be gods
but its actually hard as fuck
youll enjoy it for like 3 raids
and then cry
farming kara gets boring and ppl cba to buff your pet no more
they forget to heal it
you mald
Had the chat w mage bro in guild and he was alrdy planning  fire in T4
Based
Hahaha
Hes lvling alone tho so muchh for him novaing for me
That was expected tho
Lol
I log on beta daily and just 5 seed sfury the dummies
You need to sfury sapper
Thats the nut
Yikes bro
Mote extractor 305 engi
Get motes then do ench later
GCD alrdy got fixed I thought @Ghostowl
blue name this vending machine sympathizaer
Beta Tester role doesnt know about beta
hunters absolutely use Tier 5
they replace a blue set with it
I got pretty sad when I realised my favorite set would be pretty hard to get
I lost to chinese fire locks on the beta
doing doomwalker
they had full spellfire set tho, nerds...
ðŸ˜¦
the weapon dropped too and went to chinese fire lock
hahaha
wait were you playing fire in classic?
jus go to sleep bro
1 less day
haha
yea same my prepatch grind is doing all my IRL shit so I can be a degen
and also apparently boosting paladidns in scholo
kinda scuffed but if you pull fat youll want slow traps from the hunter
to control
play your class lmao
Hellfire shadowfury is just better for srs spamming with FAT pulls and geared players
if your just normal pulling 1 pack a time
you prolly just do demo
highest afaik
yes
but like this shit isnt gonna really speed you up if you dont know how to play
your just gonna pull fat and fail
at that point just chain pull w FG
your tryna use shadowfury /nova/aoe taunt chains to control big packs
its not just ok so I press shadowfury and hellfire
ye
pala would be better healer
for salv
but yea
that doesnt work anyways
it will remove salv when your in dugeon w no pala
no because shadow fury is more god tier
than occasionally having a demon with more attack speed
and then it random breaking and wiping you
lmao
not that short
ppl are cooked
jesus ppl aare so dumb
progression is when maximizing DPS matters the most
classic wow brain
has made you a parse chasing idiot
and no 65 s kills will not be the average kill time
even when geared
ppl are geared on beta at this point
like full bis
phase 1 isnt about parsing on easy kara bosses lol
youll have spriest and scorch in your gruul mag
if you dont you can just succ sac in kara
FG is easier lol
Theres a beta
lmao
its literally an ability you buy at the demon trainer
for the felguard
its been confirmend
since the game came out
the MGI deep demo shill doesnt even know what spells the felguard has?
I know what spells blue brry has I dontknow what level anymore
im tired
Why do so many p server boomers think immolate isnt worth casting
Like what happened on private servers
Was there some nerf to immolate
Is there some guide out there that they all get info from?
Did you just spam bolts hoping for good crit RNG and get conf bias?
you can just sac a succ and do shadow in kara
but fires still pretty good if you dont have SPriest
if your casual enough that you cant rely on healers to keep your pet up demo is kinda dogshit.
but yea thats a decision youll have to make for yourself based on your expected raid comps
if you always have spriet and never fire mage, you probably dont go fire
if you have sometimes one or the other, you can take your pick
if you dont really know, you can always try out demo and see how it goes , you shouldnt go fire if you know you wont have fire mage often
there are multiple bosses in kara you wont get full FG uptime
You also wont get full casting uptime in some either but overall I think kara favors destro and gruul/mag favor demo
reminds me of P1 wowclassicbis.com
where hunters were needing on HOJ and SGC
which bosses are mage armor?
Id say the netherspite beam and Nightbane DPS in air phase make destro better
the only fight that is difficult that benefits FG is Aran, and he has to run out often still
the skellys are now not magic immune bb
also
the skellys literally jib your FG
no shot that he actually helps kill skeles
they have an immolation aura
and it hurts
ye its a nice change I think
the skeles still pwn you
but at least we arent useless in that phase
and nightbane doesnt require a super specific comp
Yea FG has "the best" AOE but idk in practice difference doesnt seem very noticeable
my experience is you seed til you rip anyways
and sure FG pads a bit
but he will die in your early runs, and you will blow all your shards resummoning, missing dps during pulls
I could argue that adding damage taken and thus healing required is a DPS loss and hurts mana in general. 
It is a spec limitation that you double your dmg taken from mechanics. That you demand more healing to keep your spec viable.
Mana isnt free, especially early on.
An actually perfect healer will contribute DPS when they arent healing.
if they arent contributing DPS, then they are managing their mana to continue moving efficiently, and having to heal more hurts that efficiency
yea in later speedruns they can probably keep your FG up the whole time but mana has historically been quite an issue in speedruns
where they pop many flasks to push the run faster
right theres some guilds that will be good and manage the FG the whole time but wont care about min maxing mana and speed to that degree
actually probably most guilds, but trickle down meta exists and they will probably copy the top for better or worse
man I was watching KT/Illidan kills last night and I really wonder how ppl will fair
that shit is pretty serious
I can see a TON of guilds colllapsing
20 minute prog kill
I think it also makes a good case for fire in non-tip top guilds. Like there will be a progression for most. 20 minutes of illidan, you gonna want that ST dps. Trash killing speed becomes a meme if you cant kill the boss.
are those elementals immune to fire though
that would be
bad
Fire is better if you have a fire mage in raid is the simple answer.. But there is alot of nuance here you should just read or run your own sims
True
shadowfury is easily BiS spec for heroics
but kinda a meme for raiding
Demo isnt gonna do you much favors in heroics
Not like you have a spriest in your heroics
no spriest and no fire mage ,  fire is still good
your min maxing ST DPS hardly matters for heroics
shadowfury aoe stun utility trumps everything else
In heroics early on, you will use a succuburs not a felguard
for raids he means
????
depends on your tank
prot pala you dont need succ
warr tank
you need a succ
also heroic BF you need a succ
depends on the heroic
If that is an option for you sure
but how is FG "very good in heroics"
its a bit of dps padding and a intercept
I dont generally assume a specific group comp when talking about running heroics
ofc
but you dont alwys have a prot pala
and you either start your heroic or sit around waiting for a prot pala to show up
so do I
doesnt mean your just gonna have one at your beck and call
alright dude you use your felguard to pad a bit of heroic DPS
have fun
he did it
^
felguard cleaves tho kekw
shadowfury is easily best spec for heroic no question
Its something but the utility of other pets is far better
no.
yikes man
yes because your pet does 20% of your dmg and you do less personally
mana pots/runes
flasking for dungeon spam tho seems so degenerate lol
your just talking about like what 3 days of playtime at least
dungeon spamming
your talking about popping like 36 flasks
yea man if your going hard for the funs
all the power to you
I have been planning the level rusha  bit. I think invis pots when you get through portal are bis
to avoid pvp
carrot and spurs ofc
and theres a macro that makes other players disappear
could be bis to make everyone disappear reduce lag on portal entry?
and clicking flight master and stuff
thers like some lv 72 elites you gotta run past on your way to ramps from portal right
I gotta take a closer look at it this weekend I guess. But ill pack some invis pots just for potential dodging of pvp
isb
cataclysm is so tiny
and fire immune mobs exist, there are times you dont have fire mages
scorch not always up
think mob that dies in one or two bolts
This is the true if you have a fire mage giving you scorch.
its 50% of all fights it saves you a tap or it doesnt kekw
palyer skill, player gear
ok go shadow lmao
your experience trumps everything here
clearly
lmao
youd be surprised how bad ppl on PTR are at pressing 2 buttons
Pilav also did a raid as fire and dumpstered everything
Pilav just always beats crixx in those runs because Pilav plays like an absolute degen
but hes good too
theres video of pilav dumpstering on fire spec too
but he was ripping aggro contantly, using wrong curses, etc
not CCIng
why no demo tho
lol
lmao STOP
lmao
netherward is like a LIP on emps you will wipe your raid
i cba to look it up he did it about a month ago IIRC
fire lock uses less debuff slots than shadow
topping meters is fun
just have him list out the debuffs he thinks are going to cause an issue
instead of waving hands
just depends how much SR gear you have
some of it no longer has SR on it
he might not have AQ pieces
lol
new mods every day
nvm hes just Not Dive
yes
we  said that 3 times now
yes
shadow
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/4mTpeMXDAgbd4j5LVdLwGB
fire:
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/9wYi32b7bfae8oGAFNZ29a
Credit to Ryu
fire set has 50 more SP 2 more crit
and p sure it doesnt calc the fire set bonus
then add on flame cap, dragonling
your looking at like 500 more SP than shadow bis in T4
engis not as good but its not terrible
I mean if your providing your own dragonling and noone else is
engi is better parse
no
pets are just kinda Monka
they also seem to just not listen sometimes on beta
sometimes my succ just doesnt go seduce
when I tell it to
mayb its RP cause my warlock isnt powerful enough to control
Dive's pet probably always listens
I would bet that we never see FG in speedrun tryharding
its a mana tax on your healers
mana is the premium currency in speedruns
haha
karas will be scheduled not thrown together
theres enough gear from kara that it wont be that slack early on id say
and dragging shit comp to kara can add hour+ to the run
its not likke ony where you collect T2 helm and have no reason to show up
A good guild runs kara to get loot for all its raiders
you dont just stop doing raids because your looted
its a pain for ppl who hate playing the game
game is supposed to be fun outside of loot collector simulator
tbh I made that macro on beta and my pet still seemed to slow cast
aff ruin is better anyways fuck UA
have you ever played a healer ghostowl
the pace that most raids go at are pretty tough on mana I find
and getting pet buffs
is hard
its not a problem relaly to summon a pet in a non speedrun
it does hurt your own dps tho
the tank pulls and your sitting there summoning
is imp cursing Doom fat?
could be pushinga 35K doom on netherspite
wiht imp curse and snapshotting the buff
yea man
illidan is a 16 minute fight
KT is long too
single Tarrget DPS will matter
ppl are just pepega brained from classic
think everything is a farm
and speedrun
dammit
thats what I was wondering
wait is DN actually a spec now
I thought it was just a deez nuts bait
hahaha
okay
I like DN too then
ye
its the goat
chadowfury
I know
its chad as fuck
if amp curse doom worked
man
thatd be the play
ye imp talents are for losers
imagine shilling that over chadowfury
who would do that
some virgin sim maker prolly
jk i love you
pizpad proponent
dooms a 1 min cd
curator
netherspite
get w it
o yea
How does DN sim ?
seed + shadowfury
the fucking dream boys
based kenneth should approve
hes all about heroic optimization
ofc
its not chad if it bolts
it uses incin and bolt weaving w nightfall
like an actual fucking god gamer
I figured youd gear like fire
but mayb not I guess
god dam
this is the gift that keeps on giving
brb going to mage disc to tell them about the spec that takes their arcane loot
and has none of the downsides of fire
that they cry about
imagine saccing demons in 2021
look at us boys
Chadowfury wins
wat
well no shit
you dropped 15% dmg on the floor
gotta pick it up somehow
I missed the latter half of DN discussions
your fuckin up the nomenclature
MGI is imp talents
DN is its own spec
I honestly think Demo is more of a meme spec than DN
PW sim brains
trash dps
is the majority of a raid
who cares if my imp dies on 3 kara fights
if I do more dmg for the rest of it
i knew youd say cleave
cleave DPS is so fuckin tiny man
I read it
seems incomplete, but sure if it ends up not being much of a gain on AOE cause of mana
kinda dogshit
however
10% threat reduc on seed
I consider FG a constant failure state
very self evidently not the case kekw
have you ever even played FG Ryu?
I would need to know how much of a gain DN is on AOE to really have a leg to stand on though
but like, cleave dps is a pretty big joke compared to shadowfury
Like Demo can work in specific guilds and situations but recommending it to new players and average guilds is probably not the best thing to do
if FG dies spec is dead. FG is effectively doubling your damage taken as a lock
(minus tap)
you SHOULD care about healer burden
esp if you talk about speedruns
mana is teh premius currency
ofc its got caveats
ye I think we agree there just some other ppl asked
well its getting a bit trolly
I mean I just look at shadowfury in naxx, how much value ppl are getting on all the trash
Then I think Kara
and how much AOE there is
even stunning the nightbane skeles is pog
and Im like "kara bosses arent DPS checks really, the trash is the dungeon"
and if you get more overall w shadowfury
the imp reliance seems a bit of an afterthought
exactly, and so I do wonder what kinda gains you actually get on shadowfury, considering your dropping succ sac on floor
and that is kinda why I said I dont have a leg to stand on because I dont know what the expect AOE gain really is
yea so anecdotally, the value of the burst from blowing all the seeds with shadowfury feels strong
When you AOE in Kara, if one seed blows early (cause a melee dps blows  it), it fucks up your pull because you start ripping the ones you crit
and then your not getting proper aoe on all of them , and getting push back from ripped mobs
if you can chain Sfury for a few locks
and blow up all the seeds
and finish the pack
So I guess it feels to me that even if on paper shadowfurys not a big gain, it can in practice be alot better
because avoiding pushback on seed, value of blowing up seeds in unison, aoe STUN keeping the mobs together
so your recommending focusing one mob w all the seeds?
I can tell you it does NOT feel good in practice to not spread seed
so the problem w that in Kara is the mobs arent actually that tanky, if you put a skull and ask a ST DPS to blow up the seeds, that mob just dies way too fast for the pack
it only works if you tell melee to hold dps
Skycrab it doesnt work because other DPS blow up the seed
if you had a ton of locks
you can in theory pull it off pretty well
esp if you aoe stun them
when the seed start blowing
with nova or control
its fine
but yea the problem is incidental dmg blows your first seed early on
and then you rip
and mobs are in raid
giving push back
but w shadowfury/clever nva/imp blizz
your fine
trust me pushback on seed is NOT what you want
even if you get backlash
w shadowfur y it becomes easy to manage your own AOE
and not have to have raid coordination as much
no you want to stun them when they start to rip halfway through pull as prot pala threat wears off
and finish the pack
at least in Kara
where the mobs will die
yea a nova can work fine too
but novas kill melee
lol
it delivers
I think its a pipe dream sadly
but yes
that would be sweet
Havent seen how hard prot palas can go
but seed is a fucking wild horse
what I can say is if you get a bit of control, like a nova or 2 (shadowfury), and 2-3 locks, you can definitely just degen blow up most packs and rip them but they never get to you cause they die
as long as they are controlled
the early seed explosions
rips a few strays
and it fucks it all up
like the mobs die easily but ripping them still kills youand fucks you
Yea I just wouldnt open shadowfury
Another reason you dont open shadowfury is the prot pala wants to be hit
to build threat
he doesnt want you to stun them
until your ripping them
yea so I kinda think if I was pugging and wanted to top in Kara, Id want shadowfury to control my own seeds. If Im in a good raid, I can rely on mage or others to provide adequate control.
shadowfury also gets really spicy if you ARE doing aoe capped pulls
I dont think FG cleave is better than Sfury on ao cap by any means
its aoe capped
but its more dmg
its another spell
15% succ does nothing to seed on AOE cap
shadowfury is still adding 7.3k dmg in 0.5 s?
because it looks like a really solid well thought out system
its a system they made for classic
The problem it had as I understand is that its designed for a raid group that sticks together
players create loot lists for like all the raids at the start or classic or something
and new entries basically could allocate more resources to top items than the players who were there from the start who spent resources on MC loot
that is now dead
so you had like Salvador and diehard warrs in Onslaught losing alot of gear to new recruits
and then those new recruits leave and take their loot
which you could say is a problem in any system
but it seemed to cause a major griff in onslaught
LC is my preferered system for one reason. You can fix problems
if you fuck up
you can fix it
with next drops
if a inflexible system goes awry, your fucked
the hunter has DFT
and you cant do shit about it
and stays together
and then to add insult to injury, onslaught awarded arbitrary points for "helping the raid" like doing scarab farm or w.e
shit players didnt know up front, and variously disagreed with
so you end up doing all this work to manage a system, that end s up pissing ppl off anyway
when you see these systems unravel over a period like classic, you really dont wanna touch them again
Honest LC is the best , w transparent decisions
LC should still have to put in work, and track loot and consider where it will go beforehand
every decision should be defensible
and transparent
this
if ppl are upset with the point system. They will leave. You cant really change the system on a whim. If they are upset with the LC. You can have a reasonable discussion and consider their position and possibly fix any wrongdoings
any naaru slivers
yea you right prolly
well, they had a trial period, but then the system is fair game. They would go without loot for a month and then yoink top BIS items that ppl had raided for months to get. Worse, they were "Next up " for the item until this new trial entered the mix.
So it seemed to be a specific problem with their loot system that happened over and over again
yeeeuh
its just easily abused
if you can have good LC its easily BIS
I think the devil was in the details. They were like fucked on bis loot in naxx because they got items in MC they dont even use anymore, relative to a newcomer. I dont know exactly why or how it worked, and they could have easily all been loot babies.
I think because point resets in each tier
but they make their loot list at the start of classic
for all tiers
I mean it SHOULD be basically impossible in a 25 zug guild
but yea it did seem like their system had real issues that unveiled over time
they could all just be babies tho who knows
yea thats what I said
Sometimes tho you just get fucked on loot. GOA never drops for your raid and you put it number 1.
LC can fix this shit, fixed loot lists cant really
rofl
Looking at the timers, Mage is oom halfway through Gruul halfway through Mag
And halfway through the majority of fights in kara
save this
what if paint has to mute himself
what then
Like watched Tierra do arcane with shadow priest + vate and still oomed 2 minutes into a fight
It is strong DPS, competiitve with Fire. Probably best spec on Gruul cause of silence. However, it has a number of annoying problems. Your pet can never die, and you want it to be fully buffed. Its essentially a tax on your raiders mana and its frustrating to play if your healers dont have FG's back 24/7
So Id say run Demo if you know your healers got chu and you dont have fire mage
Its also sadge to play on bosses that boost your damage (Curator, Netherspite, etc)
if your pet dies your basically 0/0/15 spec lol
shadowfury easily the best for dungeons leveling id say, but its value is achieved by doing big AOE pulls
if your just in a more traditional comp doing smaller chain pulling
you could argue for FG
or DS
Like I would do shadowfury in spell cleave type fgroup ideally w prot pala. But if you were in a group with mainly melee buffs, yo might want FG
like warr sunder/enhance shaman
We did pull off mage cleave comps w warr tank in classic leveling
you just chain novas
or shadowfurys
but yea
prot pala god
O i see
your saying DS for hellfireing in prot pala comp
vs chadfury for control for warr comp
yea
thats interesting
DS hellfire really more dmg than shadowfury
?
hmm
your converting me
from a chad
to a
idk
but I like it
how fat are you planning to pull
w that
you got any vids on that?
or too secret
sadge
havent had the time to practice leveling
are you doing it with mages?
all our mages wanna solo farm
so aoe slow of some kind prolly v necessary right
What you think of 3 lock shadowfury chain  w resto sham slowing totem and prot pala
what guild is paint in anyway
wait paint no full 99s in naxx
how can we trust
what kinda tech do you use for group swapping management
on private?
Whats the other way to boost tailoring again?
I have felcloth to do mooncloth
but theres another way
only need 350 for a tailor alt right?
I think it is Sylvan shoulders
right like day 1 boost 350 make cloths and keep leveling
was what I was thinking
Just shoulder
For fire
lol
its pretty shit from my exp
good for absolute noobs i guess
that really dont know shit at all about loot
I mean its just looking at stat budgets and saying how much % upgrade is vs what you are wearing
and has some kind of arbitrary stat weights
but an item can have less stat budget and still be better than an alternative in a complete set
or have lower item level
and arbitrary stat weights dont work when your aiming for 13% hit and no more
Like it might tell you some hit item is a 2% upgrade over your crit item
but it isnt actually a dps increase at all
because you dont need the hit
like it would probably tell you that like T3 chest is a big upgrade to bloodvine
but that doesnt mean you should replace Bvine with T3
just an example dont nuance me
i got T3 feet and black blizz legs and 2.5 chest/crystal webbe
but I think its just a TAD too weak
to drop vine
yea
but I had to tank 4HM on my warr
and 2 chests dropped
lol
troll or ?
I yoinked a saph ench final raid tho
saving for T4 I guess
going aldor seems kinda cooked
but idk how much value bgem is
I figure it has value if you are wearing resist gear
looool
true
could someone actually post and pin the CQS maccro?
thatd be nice
in macros channel
I think ppl have better macros than that
but even that is worth posting
and pinning id say
I thought someone had a better one using modifiiers
anyway
even that
would be GOOD pin
you should pin it crab
in Macros
ppl come to that channel to learn warlock
yes
you should pin it.
in macros I mean
ofc
look at whats pinned atm lol
secrets are stupid and bad for TC
just get 99 by  being good dont rely on hiding info from community
go for gold brother
just tell me how you did it
dont keep secrets like fight club kekw
â¤ï¸
wrong
you should probably mana pot
on seed heavy
its always dangerous to macro Bfury
to anything
id distill it down to a destro pop or mana pop mayb w trinkets
and Bfury separate button
well someone had a macro that used modifiers
to pop diff pots
or diff spells
iirc
indeed
voice commands shout mana or destro at your screen
im joking
but have you seen the guy who plays mage and acts out his casts everytime
hes amazing
he keeps it going for like 6 hr streams
god ill have to find it
https://clips.twitch.tv/CogentHonorableRavenHumbleLife
apparently hes been doing this for years
yea I think he uses a wii controller
stack spellpower and haste procs for marginal gain
they cast a stacking debuff
they do not disappear on unequip
having more gives you better chance and uptime of 5 stack debuff
I mean other specs can still multi dot
if thats what yourr saying
its all on shadow fury and reduced seed threat
to over take 15% DS
shadowfury is undeniably better on AOE capped packs kekw
why not corr or agony multi dot
when you have succ sac
is imp corr > 15% shadow dmg?
i thought DS Ruin can still take 5/5 corr
of spell power bonuses
thats not how the world works
sadly
boys I skilled amp curse
can you CoR
gl hf w that
and they have 15% doom damage
p sure amp curse is base dmg only
theyll just all swap that spec then
and what then
even if it wasnt base dmg, its 50% every 3 dooms
lol im so sick of ppl pretending kara is all 2 minute fights
like ppl are so cooked
I like DN
but these are meme arguments
the DN arguments is trash dmg and trash clear speed
not getting to amp doom or w.e
or corruption two mob pulls
idk
i dont care
logs are dum
and will be meme as fuck in TBC
lol
because getting max dmg in TBC involves funneling yourself lusts in a 3 BM hunter party
PI is a meme spec
but some parses will have PI memes
because there is so much you can do to juice parses in TBC, that is trash for yourr raid team
chain lusts probably will invalidate
but will they invalidate you in 3 BM hunter group w ele shaman
THe writings on the walls lusts get tracked and shown on logs
yea exactly
like PI being a meme spec alone
will fuck logs up
but theres so much more
just stop caring about logs
Hannu is right
yea but its not out of the question to have acceptable comp and clear speed while getting funnelled PIs
like there will be bipolar style guilds
playing for parses
logging for CDs
etc
or mayb there wont
like I said I dont care
but logs likely to be memed
just like they are in retail
but if shadowfury lets you finish trash 10% faster at the cost of 10% boss DPS when you lose imp
its a win to me
id say
i just dont know if thats actually the case
I mean im sure they are still just a function of your kill speed and overall quality of your raid team
they have some sort of value I guess
but pretty meme
yea ofc and 99s are free in good guilds
either way ppl shouldnt obsess over parsees
like you could have worse parses just because you press Curse of Reck

nice
I know nothing about retail
but i think thats good
will you stream th TBCs
yea idk if you will find much enjoyment from Affli but gl
o yea
fun but can it really push for high DPS im not sure
dont do cataclysm
I think its putting chicken on CD now ðŸ˜¦
even though it didnt before prepatch
melee ded ami right
raid wide increase vs just your party
duration of dragonling
but tbh I need to test
I just went to both last night
and p sure it only used one and put chicken on duration cd
Im pretty sure you can do this but do you really want to do this
why not just make agony its own button
what if you have a mob that is gonna die faster than 1 minute
Do you cast Shadowfury on CD on single target fights
if you do the prepatch spec
Does anyone know from the DN discussions ppl were having if you would cast Shadowfury on single target?
cause of mana?
make mage fire spec and take the innervate
got it
ty
sounds like you do on short fights
mana is the problem
not dps
how does it stack up as a finisher vs like shadowburn
coulda probably casted a bolt at that point lol
but sure
yea I know
right but when you fuck it up
nice to have more fast buttons
ofc
its possible to move SF move
tho
and could I just bind bolt after to not have gap
/cast Shadowfury
/cast bolt
mash button
ye
still has the mana problem ofc
but you can at least toss it in on trash and stuff
another point in the DN column
and we take innervates from mages kappa
cursor
yea I mean @ cursor is how I always used it in arena
when I was 14 and trying to destro in arena
lol
wheres dive to shill green beans
lmao is that true or meme
mana
i guess
pls never theory craft downranks
I need buttons
downrank banish is fine
everything else fuck me man
i have downrank corr for pvp in classic
yea and focus modifiers
i have alt for focus modi
what rank of downranked tap
do you keep on bar
iirc I had a macro that used the right tap
when i was near full mana
long ago
what rank
no way to make macro for it hey/
just use some mana rather than downranking it kek
your brain isnt big enough to do that hannu
just gonna be dps loss 99% of time
lol
incinerate poggers
downranked incinerate galaxy brain
downrank sfury for stun ?
F
You do downrank CoR right tho
I got some macro from here
watched chanimal do this in asmon arena tourney
mid arena
actual god
i guess you could downrank corr on Golemag dogs
but that shit counted as pad for logs anyways
so fuck that
ok
thats actually kinda pog
well depends if your tryna be a good player
or flex on your friends
tank the adds on razu in the ranged stack
so you can dab em up while your LOS
stop the mages are prolly laughing at us
they have alot of int tho
as in they int by playing arcane spec instead of fire ayy
reach is lit basically a viable pvp spec at that point
bgs in that spec are lit
its not NF instead of DS
its shadowfury instead of DS
smh
NF is just a lil bonus
crits go over aoe cap
and haste obviously avoids aoe cap too
think of it like this. the base dmg of spell is capped at X (12k for seed or w.e it is). The damage divides among the mobs in a capped situation. THEN crits roll
i think zaldin is just way too obsessed with nightfall
and overrating the shit outta it
its nto about fuckin nightfall its shadowfury
the point of a shadowfury spec isnt to be top ST dps
its to do more trash dmg
and aoe
yea but that shouldnt be the argument you use
even if it is
the justification for running DN would focus around shadowfury
not imp memes
your massacring a beautiful thing
if you say "im playing this spec cause its top ST dps with imp" , but your imp dies half the time
you sound like an idiot
if you say "im plying this spec to maximize trash dmg and clear speed"
your  a chad
im hearing fire boofs
or is it JoW?
lol, no
rate my boy for leveling
1st lockout femur pog
and full 2.5
grinded the rep
god
yea
thats what I thought
ty
meh just run to dungeon leveling
fun of having the item right now
or you could skip the degen zerg and get summoned from sili or something but
thats lame as fuck
realistically your raid just blows them up constantly
im tryna figure out if I should do DS ES or sfurry
too
god gear prot pala
3 caster
priest
yea
but
if DS ES really is the nuts
if you pull that many
then arent you aoe capped
or do you only get AE capped at 70 w good gear
if your AE capped sfury wins
but I guess still ahve ST stuff to do
why is DS ES even better on single target
like
you shadowbolt right
not searing
you arrent swapping sacs
you are going fast
surre mayb when you skill that
right
so shadow+flame sfury seems overall best to start
unless the pullsize
is right for the hellfire
but if your pulling fast
fat*
then arent you AE capped @Olo
you sac imp obvs
no
but it means that DS sacc is trrash
compared to sfury
if your AE capped
what is demo ruin
why go that deep in demo wihtout FG
yea the succ dps
sounds like a big meme
FG at least has the cleave
and a bit more surivial
You just banish it
but its kinda OP at killing bad playes
spell lock him and banish the FG?
o
as aff you can just insta howl it
as soul link you arent dead to it so quick
ud rogue just 1 shot me if im destro
its annoying
well yea
but i dont survive so
fun game
eh
helps them too
ud rogue always kinda tough
pve channel tho
no you have options
no i think they have 3
o they do
yea I guess the options kinda suck
id run affli ruin
if i was UA id just say fuck it and take some QOL shit for pvp
imp howl  and siphon or something
what else should i prep


in the spots that are currently occupied by shards
and food
?
yea i got 3
5 invis
10 GAE
frreinds bringing his wiz oils he stashed
2 lock mage prot pala priest
theres a degon on fight club with 1200 dense for dungeons leveling
lol
fuck that shit
i wanna be wtih the zerg to dungeons not flying around turning in quests cringe
I bought felcloth at 10 s per, so mooncloth is 20 s per level cheaper than wizard robes, then mooncloth bags to 350
3 alts
now i can sell netherweave
do bandages
use it on spellcloth
boost 350 right away
without worrying about nethwereweave
can make bags til 345 right
lmfao
DOES ANYONE HAVE THE MACRO TO MAKE EVERYONE DISAPPEAR
like for clicking flowers when grieferrs
no there is literally  macro to make other players disappear
sets render distance to 0 or something
/run local n,m if GetCVar("componentTexLoadLimit")=="0" then n=6 m=2 else n=0 m=1 end SetCVar("componentTexLoadLimit",n)SetCVar("graphicsTextureResolution",m)
this is the macro I was looking for
anyone know  whats gonna happen with boons?
Should I unboon my buffs before release
succ is probably more dps  cause you can get ruin
uhhh
im pretty sure destro always beats mana pot
unless your aoeing
except for the niche above of trying to preserve healer mana
DS ES bitches
I mean everrything is okay
but felguard in heroics specifically
is kinda trash
yes theres a cap and it is related to the cast time of the spell
iirc
ryu said it best
Basically fire destro sims highest but needs a fire mage and switching demon for aoe
Demo is second best, benefits from downtime where pet can still dps, but needs the pet buffed and alive
Shadow destro is not great at first, but comfy and catches up
Affli is lowest personal dps but buffs the raid with malediction and helps tanks with shadow embrace
Although personally I would add that demo is infuriating and annoying as fuck to play
even if you think it sounds cool
gotta go DN for heroics ofc
wtf is DN seed lol
ew fucking gross
yea thats normal
i thought they fixed the haste thing
mages malded
like a month ago
that it was fixeds
hmm
I can look through mage disc I guess
one thing to add is I heard that at very high haste in sunwell you can possibly work soulfire into the rotation?
might be w haste procs only
something about your others fillers being overhastecapped
and soulfire getting bumped up
think paint said it
yes
youd still demonic rune for aoe
even as fire
i think you are probably not using flame caps either kekw
what about precasting before a vuln phase
like say I know curator about to evocate
and I start casting a soulfire
I cant pop fetish at same time as other trinket anymore?
TOEP
im trying again in 2 minutes
hmm
musta been UI bug or something
works now
paint alrdy noped me
but I tihnk we need to go deeper
curator soulfire prediction
what about if I soulfire while I gain stacks of netherspite
yea what an idiot
the tricky part of getting pet to live on saph is getting it to stand behind iceblock
those arent even the tricky ones
shade of aran
is the hardest
I would argue that the 3 fights your imp might die on dont outweigh shadowfury trash DPS
imp is easy alive on most kara fights
the FG needs more healing to stay alive more melee mecahnics
yea it is pretty ass for gruul mags
nightfall is honestly dead on almost all kara trash
nothing lives that long
it would seem to be only good for aoe capped massive aoe situations
and even then
its questionable
i tihnk i wanna just play plain ol fire destro
hybrid style
sfury is more about the fun factor and nice in heroics
than anything else
All I live for is nuking netherspite
MGI inferior for big nuking
yes
well
noone knows
but latest iteration on beta
they took magic
meh
its still pretty hard fight
the adds still do their crazy amount of fire aoe
and the boss still does his annoying phys dmg breath oneshot healers
I like the change because it doesnt shoe horn you into a super specific comp
just to kill the boss
if you degen seed them you will very likely rip and cause deaths from fire aura
thats easier said than done
if they are stacked they blow up any tank
w 5x immo aura
the way its usually done is 2 tanks separate the groups
and then they are killed
they do alot of damage
the fire aura no joke
IDK I heard the initially hard one was an "amalgamation of mechanics from various patches"
yea so take a third healer just to kill 1 boss
yea
defs an option for those struggling
gordan ramsey?
my man
wtf is he doing making giveaway rewards
I mean its not actually the chef just a gamer
but I know him hes a funny guy
he got banned for his videos on lotus farming
and then made a new toon named unbanthechef
feral player
im p sure they will fix that
pserver players are cooked
shadowfury more a meme really
I been looking for a private server player to tell me why they think immolate is dps loss
so far noone has been able to say why
they just say that its what they remember
hes saying immolate is
a better damage/cast time
I find it interesting thta the private server player didnt do math
just wrote stuff
if this was a thing then it would sim worse over many fights
yikes
i personally like to cast a few low rank shadow bolts so I can fish out a crit
felt good when I plaayed it on private
But marksman the animation of incin
are you guys meming and I missed the meme
the mage being arcane is ass on alot of the fights in kara and 100% ass on gruul mag
curator immune to arcane,  nightbane long fight, even the "short" fights were long enough to oom arcanes on beta
your losing a minor amount of shadow power
on aoe
that barely scales off spellppower
meanwhile fire bis can be 500 SP ahead of shadow in T4
(if you count dragonling)
if you dont its still ahead
by a good bit
its FSW boots and the enchant


so its losing 31 shadow power but gaining crit, crit is actually good for AE
ppl comlpain nothing to do in classic
then theres stuff to farm
they complain stilll
alar
im ninjaing
jk
my mage friend was going fire in T4 on his own accord
and arcane T5
he didnt say why he never says why
but he seems like he always got his shit figured out
they dont think fire is best personal in T4 anymore tho
im looking at mats for spellfire its not even that bad
i think ppl are jus lazy
....
you know warriors did 150+ runs for SGC and how long it took to mine LHH mats right
this is basic shit
are you guys gonna unboon before server reset
or risk the boon
seen a few jank evades lately
dont do FG big gay
solo -> UA , normal dungeon spam - > shadowfury, super dungeon spam w CC covered - > DS ES
if your bad geared do FG
i guess
i think ppl overrate the fuck outta FG's cleave
its the tiniest amount of dmg gain
cleave hits 2 targets
thats all
told you you overrate it :p
uhhh what
25% dmg loss?
gain back 10% from demo spec
15% dmg loss?
if you sac an imp your basically 0/21/10 spec
yea I mean thats the huge fallacy
you gonna do similar hellfire dmg to SF
but no SF
but the other spec is imp sac emberstorm
and that is significant gains on AOE
I really think the only ppl who should be FG dungeon spam are shit geared ppl
your FG is gonna die
whether you think it or not
why do you think that
the only ppl who think that I swear havent played FG
if you have prot pala you will hellfire a ton
you get incin at 64 too
and then your fuckin cucked FG boy
when you could be pumping w DS ES
how do ppl just come in here when we are in middle of discussing specs
and ask simple dumb question like this
like do you read
lol nvm bro
literally the comments above yours are all discussing leveling specs
you just dont read at all
go to #tbc-leveling and read the pins
spec is there
yea
illidan the main fuckin boss
thing is in TBC
what makes you top is you getting humped w lust
like if its a hunter lust fight you arent beating the hunter
if its a lock lust fight you arent beating the lock
etc
a competitive drive is good
but also an understanding that the meta is less personal dps based now
is important
alot of ppl really struggle to grasp that
they saw 25 egos fighting over dick sizes in vanilla
now hunters and locks wanna piece of that pie
post it
I like his vids
lol all my instance group is DCed
but i just been in ramps this whole time
sadge
are  non faerlina ppl fine
hows the gamin fellers
anyone got T4 bis sets for fire/shadow now that theres no Mech gem
read the spells
you tell me man
when do you want armor
when do you want damage
i mean
use brain?
Just rolled 100 on quags eye
gg
anyone got a 70 upgrades for fire destro bis
w new gems
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/oLV6njHcxPNGdoz7X2Vfdv
anyone got a better fire set
than this one
Thank you
im just tryna figure out which necks/rings/wands from raid we want to go for as fire
Magtheridon head ring bis?
You got one w no wboos?
wboss?
whats prio for mag head?
playing w bis sets -  what is the exact hit cap?
like 13.XX%?



I think the set I have linked second is v close to bis excluding wboss loots
and the first set I linked is because I have the neck and cloak from kara
so trying to figure out how to optimize
but I just end up just shy of hit cap
why does noone talk about the 52 fire wrath bracers that can drop from beast boss in kara
kekw
i rolled 100 on quags
won 8 rolls in first kara
i got that luck baby
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/hwyEvhP7mEuKyqzb7UELVr
This is Zephans fire set from sim (no wboss)
2.7 crit or 48 spell power for fire
if your seeding for prolonged period like many packs
you just swap to succ sacc
dont wear fire gerar
etc
not a mage that knows what they are doing
but yes
i told my mage friend how to use his CDs properly and now its very hard to beat him when we do fat pulls
Icy Veins MQG AE spam
strong
not if your pala is a chad
haha
depends on the pull
just kill it before you need a blizz
just depends on the pull ofc
but in general a smart mage can put out mroe AE dps than seed
even if it might be more optimal to blizz
you tab seeds around
and when pack about to die
you blow up one last seed
w  a shadowburn
eek out a bit more dmg
sure
if yo have it
just tab seeds and shadowfury when you start to rip
and hope everything dies
but this only works if you have chad tank
you tab seed w a shitter warrior
youll have a bad time
true
but just trying to give honest advice
to this guy
I dont know if he has a blizz
you gotta read your group and know your limit
rushing tailoring still a great play
the meta gem wasnt expected to be in game yep
but
it doesnt really screw you
just sell spellcloth faster
and shadowweave / primal moon
unless your guild is killing wbosses
and your getting the legs
lol
What spec you decide depends on your raid comp
you need fire mage for fire or no shadow priest at all
yea then go fire
well w 0 destro locks you might be better w shadow and arcane mage
because affliction being only shadow lock
getting ISB stolen by spriest
and very low ISB uptime
well then you go fire I guess
we had 0 rogues leveled on time
eh its not really that hard
but it depends on healers
Idk spec is frustrating af to play I dont recommend it
like even if he stays up most of the time, if he dies on one pack
you gotta ask for rebuffs
I mean do you manage to keep a pet alive for an entire dungeon?
the FG is a bit tankier but
usually shit happens and healer cant pay attn to it
your basically taxing healer mana
to play demo
also demo has no ruin and pet doesnt get boosted by netherspite beam feelsbadman
I hate demo
but some ppl like it and it is possible in a good group to not have your pet die
it is probably bis for gruul w the silence
T4 4 pce is kinda close but spellfire/FSW are bis
Just depends how guild feels abput you skipping bis gear yet asking for 4 pce
Hunter mage
Hunter shouldnt want
Mage wants
Well i think they use legs in bis (hunters)
FSW doesnt give you an all rounder
It gives you bis shadow boots
Shadowweave you are only shadow destro?
Its same thing
You can cast ahadow bolt without fsw boots just fine
Yea sure
Give it a few weeks and see what tops
Its week 1
Cucked
Giving spellcloth away to be in shittier gear than mage
Bruh spellfire looks amazing

You in t4 when this Chad rolls up
You get T4 anyway
And use a 4pce t4 shadow set
If you do kara w no fire mage, fire is still bis if you dont have shadow priest
Crix :o
Yea I mean youll get t4 evebtually unless 10 locks
lmao
you just switch your pet sac idiot
yea
tough
yea you dont even use FSW for a seed set
seed scales like shit off spellpower
I agree browning ppl is cringe
it was a good meme
but its pretty cringe
lol
nah they still ask
especially in these early phases
nice.
a mod doing a thing
vills a gamer
probably better gamer than you man
you kill mag?
nice you got any tips?
did you kill adds before he g ets out?
weakness and demo no stack?
do you use shiffars over toep on seed packs?
us lol
meta gem better
disc says sperllstrike still bis but meta gem T4 super close
for fire
i told you
chaotic skyfire diamond too strong
yes fire is only thing I looked at
reasoning is they need 16 hit or somthing
but they can make a set w T4
smh read bro
hes meming you LOL
pretty sure if you come in and make bold claims w no evidence in ANY class discord you will be memed
you gotta realise you are like the 1 millionth person to come here and say that shadow does more trash dps
without considering you can just pet swap
thers been a few good apple arguments
kenneth made good arguments
but get banned
way I see it is if your struggling on mag
you need ST dps
how do you get ST dps
fire
lol thats some casual ass take
ritzyn is better as long as you are using shadow spells
4 pc T4 vs spellstrike isnt a thing man
you just use T4
theres no reason to do spellstrike helm in destro
Theres about 10 smart ppl here and 1000 idiots
Democracy is not valuable
What
Is that true your hard casting corruption as shadow?
I love it
Yall probably some shit race
im not taking legs for no reason
if we end up with it
sure
its not ERP bis tho
you need fire mage to be fire
yea if your an idiot that has no clue you should just not talk
what
no you run shadow if you have spriest and no fire mage
most comps should have shadow priest
fire mage a bit harder to come by
you dont fucking force fire spec with no fire mage
and grief your aff lock and spriest
for ISB uptime
good players in TBC play for their raid not their personal parse
imagine insisting on arcane when your guild cant kill mag and your oom in 3 minutes
asking for innervate
yes
and you do that
I cast COR not doom right
if everyone plays for personal, you end up doing less personal DPS
warr refuse to play arms, lock refuse to play aff, hunter refuse to play survival
and your basically losing world buffs
so that you can  "play for personal"
go whatever you want just stop cluttering channel with nonsense. The use case of fire vs shadow is clear
read more type less
shameless
you just say the mage that specs fire gets the raid spot over someone trying to keep their PVP / Farm spec in raid
like this is prog imagine playing  farm spec and failing to kill Mag
ye
its fine but its annoying to the locks who want to make a fire set
our mage is going fire + imp blizz
yep
BT/Hyjal
assuming your buffing 4 other casters
Illidan Staff
Archimonde sword
but technically you replace atiesh after all other locks get it
if you are really min maxing
mages replace atiesh right away
they are in a group with a spriest and a aff lock and healers
the crit is dead
Is it tho?



yea week 1 logs are meme fair
but saying arcane is "already the best performing spec"
is begging for it
best for raid dps?
or best for parsing?
exactly
arcane uses spellfire what
is that all raids or mag or what
ye
I see it
so  fire basically same dps but buffs fire lock
easy choice
ye
shouldnt use week 1 logs
its all scuffed but
bwps still kinda bullshitting
for personal DPS
fury sims best too
for warriors
yo BM is best performing spec I aint playing survivial
yo Destro best performing spec i aint playing aff
no im not
im making a point
that raid dps is what performs best
not what your personal DPS is
ye ofc
well actually
you might run 2 arms atm
not sure on that

chad on top of all stars
with affliction
the second place guy is fire btw
same w third guy
and fourth is demo
fifith fire
fire is validated bruvs
hunter pets still hit boss
1/3 of their dps
not affected by cube
ye
This guy on top of all stars is a full chad man
with aff spec
haha
like hes not even meming hes banishing keeping elements up
etc
ofc
tab it around
dont overwrite it
blow it up end of pack w shadowburn if you need to
if you have a mob that wont die fast you can spam on one target
and have a ST blow it up
its situational
whether you spam or tab
prism of calm mind is the only one I know of
that might be goood
prism of inner calm

supposed to be 1k threat per crit
fetish yea
51 % or something
what is the meme about the centaur clans
I missed it
too busy killing lobsters
The wowhead bislist is popular because itâ€™s wowhead, thatâ€™s all. Iâ€™m sure itâ€™s the first thing that pops up in google.

I had a chance yesterday to talk to the bis list creator about it. I left a comment on the list on wowhead and he was obviously a little bit pissed off by my criticism, but politely asked me to message him on discord about it. Later that night, in bed, as he lit a cigarette, I strummed my fingers across his bare chest and reminded him about my question earlier. He placed his fingers over my lips and whispered into my ear â€œHow can I think about bis lists when I have this on my mind all day?â€ as he slapped my ass before forcing his lips onto mine.
they prolly just suck
lol
but yea hit is starved in classic gear
you neeed more hit
for raid
spellfire belt is better
max range incin into immolate ?
do you put immo back up if your incin isnt gonna land on an immo target at the end of immo duration
im tlaking about as your rotation goes
sometimes you have to clip immo to keep it up
or your incin will land on unimmolated target
i guess just always be max range so you can immo while incin in air?
compare uptime is an easy one to see how bad they are
ABC always be casting
ty
but it would be 3.09 right
a ruin crit is 3x dmg ?
o shit
i was wondering man
i was like wtf why dont I crit for 3x
melee confusion
its not theoretical. the top dps on WCL are  fire man
yep
true
nice bullshit
keep being a pserver andy
on your server lmao
you pressed seed and doom
on moroes
Does anyone have a good tool for taking raid signups and making 5 fucking kara groups
this shit is such a headache
yep same
have 41 kara signups
have to sift
Hey is there any Badge gear in later phases that we REALLY want?
Fire is the top parses on the logs anyways
like what
Does someone even have a statistical analysis of the 2 specs
on logs
or are you just looking for something to give you confirmation bias
fire is on top of the logs lol
yea and some opinions are dumb
and we are entitled to say that your opinion is dumb
The thing is alot of comps just have spriest. Great comps have fire mage and spriest. shit comps have neither. In shit comp, you play fire. In Spriest comp you play shadow. In fire mage comp you play fire again. 

So fire logs are aggregates of shit comps and great comps, and shadow logs are aggregates of average comps.
What is the data?
Where is the analysis of the data showing shadow is better?
There is no analysis there is just some guy saying shit
The top logs are fire
the top sims are fire
like what
well they were fire when I looked yesterday
no . If you have fire mage, fire is better.
even if you have spriest
What data?
WHAT DATA
WHAT DATA SHOWS THIS
no fire mage you play shadow
yes.
lmfao
yes theres plenty of reasons why week 1 logs are dogshit. But even the week 1 logs show fire on top
they do
yea theres some better shadow logs today actually, but that just shows how this data is completely irrelevant
yesterday top 5 logs all fire
yea fire is winning kara too
its not even that bad man gold is easy af to make
Im a broke bitch and ill have my gear by next week's raid
just need competent prot pala
or 3 warlocks
and go boom before you die
mage is better
you just LFM mage cleave and they come
they know how much better the run is
yes this only time you play shadow
and even then probably demo
its the spec they should be playing
but lots are meming frost for some reason
farm spec I guess
and pvp spec
if your guild is really good arcane is justifiable
if you arent even killing mag you should be fire
I mean how many guilds killed mag?
they need the dmg
our guild needs the dmg
only getting 3 channelers down before spawn
its both
I mean yea you can clear this T4 content with whatever comp probably.  T5 probably diff story.

But part of the fun of the game is doing good damage. If you skip support specs, others will follow.

Eventually you have no arms, no surivival, no aff, and your dmg is just hard nerfed for no reason. 

The raid comp IS your world buffs in TBC. And ppl will 100% min max it for fun if not for content clearing.
you dont need tailor gear to try out casting incin vs shadowbolt man
smh
100% fair statement
but you may run into issues in later content
and 90% of guilds cant kill mag
so they DO need to min max to kill content
it depends how good your guild is
if your doing that your actually a dogshit person
but I disagree on the use of "alot"
almost all warlocks got cucked on curses and debuffs and casts all of vanilla
warlokcs are very familiar w supporting the raid
we dont just cast our dots and knock off debuffs
for personal dps
sure
i mean we played support for good of raid
now mages refuse to do the same
its not about being second on dps meter to them
its about playing for raid
But I would say the majority of warlocks played support in vanilla
and the majority of mages now dont wanna play fire
even tho its litearlly bis
showing up as frost
is hard trolling
^
I dont see it as any different than expecting world buffs from your raid members
If you dont wanna play the optimal spec you are easily replaced
I understand the casual mentality and wanting to have fun, but that is what it is. A  casual mentality.
It will lead to your raid having 0 support specs in raid. "if we have no fire mage im not playing affliction, if hes not playing aff im not playing arms etc"
its effectively losing world buffs
in TBC the primary thing to optimize is raid comp
to get more dmg
the support specs are all like 5-20% increased dmg
like did you let mages play frost in naxx or AQ?
Did you let warlocks come in farm spec to raid?
Did you let warriors come as Arms?
Whats the difference
warriors as arms then
hell no
almost noone had that shit
mages being frost then smh
o come on dude
you get the point
curator is immune to arcane
rekt
lmao
im done w you
the point is clear
your nitpicking
lmao why
Vanilla was dogshit easy content
debuff optimization didnt matter
but for some reason you tihnk that matters
but these massive raid wide buffs dont
no I dont
shit argument
can clear naxx w literally any comp any spec
but we still dont get curse of shadow
still dont get to use our abilities
its exactly the same shit
nit picking over debuff slots and shit
lmfao
we werent warr stacked but we didnt have ppl in farm/pvp specs in raid
yea its true whatever your guild does is fine
but saying im making false equivalence because of fucking debuff slots is a joke
its exactly same shit
are they
are you aware that you will still hit debuff cap in 25 mans if ppl are trolling?
alot of classes that uses to share debuffs now have more debuffs
debuffs is just so besides the point man
we are talking about ppl playing specs for fun
that are trolling the raid comp
no i dont
you keep putting words in my mouth
your arguments are shit
I specifically siad they play it for fun
and that it does troll the raid comp
thats 100% accurate
showing up as frost for progression is pretty troll id say
if you fail a dps check and your frost
your trolling
yes
if I cast curse of shadow instead of reck
im trolling right?
in vanilla
same exact sht
how so
you can be fire w imp blizz if your aoe pulling
its the lowest performing spec in kara
we alrdy coverd that
but most guilds
arent killing bosses
most guilds hard stuck mag phase 1
w farm spec mages
then play in casual guild
if your guild made locks cast COR over COS
then your guild should make ppl play support specs
because typically you didnt have that many locks in a riad, because priest refuse to shadowweave
this isnt a discord for discussing casual dogshit gameplay
but sure
you can be casual
its fine
and have you killed mag @froobles
interesting.
just kinda interesting that the ppl arguing that casual is fine havent even seen mag
kinda yea man
ya its fine
trying to attack my character because you have no arguments
I rest my case
Frost is trolling your raid comp
BIG TRUE
I think you might be better off in retail
good for you
yea im not saying your not allowed to do what you want in your guild
but showing up as worst performing spec and failing dps check on mag
is trolling
you can troll if you want
but its still trolling
its a pretty dam valid opinion and one that will be echoed across many guilds
also saying this game isnt hardcore or cant be hardcore
is also an opinion
an opinion you are free to take to your raid and enjoy that atmosphere
stam + SP
purples
ye hunters just got their beast lords and obviously they win Gruul
because silencxe
I think we win on ST when we get our sets
maybe not tho
its averaging all bosses mag/gruul
prolly maulgar?
but mage excluded ofc
idk they all gimmicky
nightbane  might be best
tbh

heres gruul sorted by max
maulgar tho
mag
from this I conclude that warlock actually beats hunter on ST
we just have to banish and get silenced on gruul
at least for now we do
ye
you can do all of scholo without a tank at 60
just precast the mobs
fear/cc etc
you dont try to tank you just blow shit up
its really not that bad
if anything its skewed by doom pad
on alt target
but I could argue warlock DPS is always skewed lower by casting curses that arent doom ( average parses at least)
I think when we have full bis warlocks we compete on ST with hunters, mayb very skilled hunters beat us
then in T5 onward they farm us
i dont really care if im wrong
thats just what I think
jesus that copium was huge
I mean we seem to be matching them straight up on mag and beating them on maulgar
I dont thnik thats copium
losing on boss who silence 20% of the time who cares
Yea theres a lock in top 3. I said we are kinda griefed mag casting banish and fear?
bwps actually shit mod w shit arguments ngl
they dont have a job on mag except dps lmao
and mayb click cube
yea and hes top 3 overall
are you slow man?
nice guess
this is a mod
kekw
what a joke
second top lock is banishing and fearing
nice fucking guess
bwps is a mage simper
but yea your right this second place guy has full tailor bis and kinda farmed by hunter
at least on this fight
no
hes just a mage simper
he on the mage disc
simpin
its facts
the meta slot makes t4 better
sim it.
for months in classic, the top warlock on vael was just a clicker who crit every single cast, he was actually top OVERALL damage of any class
lol
yesterday the top 5 parses were fire
today top 2 are shadow
i kinda think precast into 26k dmg is bis
i mean your casting during a non vuln
to hit fat during vuln
he goes oom you start cast
or about to oom or w.e
i hit the doom snapshot everytime
sure
incin mayb better on avg
but if your tryna pump
go big or go home
crit a doom and a sfire
wtf
so it just hits 10k sometimes and 7k other times
nice game
idk i havent casted doom much
im simpin til I get my set
basically im outparsing ppl in the non ele sham group for a few weeks to be nice cause im reroll-ish
ðŸ™‚
Ppl gave you the answer. there is a sim to check for yourself. This is how all class discords are. If you are just skeptical of spoonfed answers with nothing to back it up, there isnt really a discussion to be had. People sim things and then tell you the answer. you dont accept it. What can we say about it?
i missed half it
you can sim it just set 100% crit and 100% hit aand 100% ISB
doing the statistics and coming to the conclusions is hard work its not something we can just discuss by looking at a few rando parses
yea thats hard work
you need to scrape the data and average it based on who casts what
often for warlock parsing yes, you just spam dmg bolts and they all crit and you top parse
the diff between casting corruption and not casting it wont be big
you will need a large sample size
to get the average
thats a bit unfair tbh tho
some of the top parses are very good players playing properly
you just dont read man
but yea its not ALLRNG
it can be RNG
crit isnt the only thing that makes something RNG
we are talking about what is better on average, and your looking at a sample size of 10 at the max end of a distribution
if you dont understand why that is retarded
im sorry
yes
check back in a month pls
or trust sims
because sims are actually pretty solid
that too
you use corruption only when you have 4 pce set
theres so much memes to parsing in TBC
PI is a meme spec
but if you get PI
your gonna outparse ppl
it doesnt say that
or does it
p sure it doesnt
just set crit to 100
there you go
so sim it
is your sim result saying corr is dps increase without 4 pce
kill time !
90% of parsing is the rest of your raid pumping
consumes
gear
whether you cast immo or not hardly matters for a 99
it will alwys be that way
top dps in kara ate the repentance
lol
but your not wrong
we were getting wiped because of everyone trying to take the consecrate
and she holy fire
dbm like baits you into holy fire I swear
T4 shouldnt be considered pre-raid bis
idk mayb just a typo
man was up for like 50 hours or something
cut him some slack lol

getting there
whats wrong w them
you need a blue to get the meta gem bonus
12 spell dmg is pvp
if you got a better seventy upgrades
link it
you need 2 blues
to make metagem active
i need the hit
and the 12 SP pvp gem is bis
dont clown on me bro
yea bro you need the blue to get the meta gem bonus
show me a better seventy upgrades
no
lol
theres the heroic BM gem
ill replace
when I get it
also you need the blues in slots that will be used for both shadow and fire
cant put blues in spellfire
meme spec?
try harder
show me a better 70 upgrades
or gtfo
that uses diff slots
i aint getting wboss loot any time soon
thats the other blue slot
FSW boots lmao
now whos clowning
what you gonna do if your kara group doesnt have spriest
cast shadow spells like a cuck?
imagine thinking you can troll me by saying shadow destro
kekw
i gots no spellthread tho
that should be the attack
and it should be heroic black morass gem im workin on it
theres a purple pvp gem I shoulda used right?
shiiiit
dam bruh what chu farming
but yea I think if you skip tailoring your trolling
mayb you play casual
but getting your tailoring up also makes you gold....
so why not?
yea but mayb his alt is more casual idk
or you can go affliction for raid if they need it if you value a better farming spec
if your gear is bad destro will suck at farming
if your gear is bad you could also play demo in raid
i think if aoe capped flame strike good
otherwise icy veins AE shits hard on everything
but yea no numbers
ofc you can
just takes efforts
alot more than us prolly
haste is strong for AE cap
and haste isnt even capped properly atm
so they can use MQG veins lust and get like a 0.8 cast on AE
p much yea
shadowweave boots arent even that much better than other options
hell they arent even bis
any glider boots
Glider's Foot-Wraps of Shadow Wrath (0.8% chance)
+71 Shadow Damage
71 shadow tho
that loot is actually so sick man
hmm mayb it is
ok so mayb the footwraps are meme
dem bracers tho
seed doesnt like spellpower
yea thats dumb
its an AE spell w bad coefficient
that is AE capped
crit is better
always
I thought you might do shiffars or LC for seed over icon
LC for AE capped for sure
not sure about shiffars
probs only for AE cap shiffars as well
so mayb I can vendor shiffars because i have LC lol
you want to get to quags icon
mayb tear for now
the thing about tbc is alot of shit depends on your guild
are you getting 12 crit from ret pala ele sham boomkin
thats gonna impact the value of crit vs spellpower
and thats basically the tradeoffs for diff sets, SP vs Crit while mainting hit cap
is 2.7 crit better or 50 spellpower
noone cares meta gem bis
gems spellstrike legs
Do you have a 70 upgrades  optimizing gems?
here is where I landed
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/hwyEvhP7mEuKyqzb7UELVr
Im very interested in other sets

Another set that has more crit less SP
ok ill redo my set w orange gems
you make good point
uhhh what
but why do I need veiled orange gems
for a meta that needs blues
I know lmao
but you dont need veiled gems for CSD
look it up
bro
lmfao
so wait is 4 hit 5 sp not in game
when does it come out
nice fucking memes
imma have to do this shit again
JESUS CHRIST
goose are you lying
yea goose lies
you talking mana etched?
which 2 pces
hmmm green gems or pruple gems
hmm
nah those trinkets trash
What replaces Spellstrike pants
really T 5?
fire is the light boys

did big dmg last raid
feels good
quags procs so much
I need new helm shoulders
ye gettin there
im doing this dogshit quest for the ritualist horns
You likin demo?
I got so sick of it on beta
its prolly worth the global as long as you get full duration
but if you only get half an agony
fuck that
Fire destro just run destro spec
and sac imp
its not a special spec
its the same spec
you take ISB over cataclysm if you have to bolt sometimes
cataclysm sucks
ye just wasnt sure how many ticks
so I said half duration proba bad
but full duration def good
why isnt WCL showing green beam in its own parse category
I guess if I look at healing  done by locks
i legit found a green beamer
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/7XDtf92HGYj6wrxN#fight=5&type=healing&source=20

gamer
i guess he must be tanking something
hes the top parsing warlock healer
i think its trustworthy
who the fuck are you to say otherwise

???
yea it seems to count earth shield and lifebloom as your healing
Does anyone have a good way to do group swaps
nope
Ravagers Cuffs ofc
like a weak aura
or addon
that makes it easier
My Elvui like bugs out when I try to swap groups
I asked here because I figure more pve tryhards read this
than macros
lmao
Can you just make the addon pls
like sim
Maybe its impossible
IDK
I doubt it
okay but there is UIs that mod the look and feel of raid group
Mayb it can make it easier to accomplish somehow?
interesting
demo isnt bad
its just lame bro
fire feels so much better
because it sucks ass to play
its trash for progression
it doubles the damage taken in raid
i did a 13k incin into a 10k doom today
kiss my ass demo
mag vuln
and shadow bolt hits for wet nood
laughs at shadow destro
i think use on pull
and then again on vuln
never mana pot that shit is cringe
super rejuv MAYB
isnt it better
idk its just a 40 gold pot
do you actually mana pot over destro pot ever?
really
seems wack
vuln phase gotta affect it too
no just using mana pot in general
obbvs free taps on mag are good
interesting
flame cap being cheap as fuck makes my dick hard
imagine being shadow destro and dark runing for 20 g
when we flame cap and get a second flask for 1 g
did fierys math consider like the value of popping it in your CD phase?
like 2% crit when you trinket and bloodfury
can we just seed all of maulgar
thats my dream
Why does killing priest matter
just zug maulgar
fire brrr
haste gem for seed sounds nice
seed aff so no ruin
rng happens
Its not worth on average but if you get lucky w rng and 100% crit shadowbolt spam bis
Ofc
This inferno waist cord kinda pog tho
Yea but I also have t4 gloves
Lol
I was  1 of 2 in raid
That could take
So kinda free
Hes also a lock?
Not wasted either I still gotta aff some weeks

Go to sleep shad destro
Thats actually the saddest
Get hunters to drain his mana lol
Viper or w.e
Ofc no
Yes
Was wondering bout that
T5 is solid upgrade to all this gear i think
But we get it last right
Didnt look at t5 glove
T5 shoulders bis rp tho
you can just unlearn it where you learned it
what
no it just costs more at 70
o well yea if you want to double up on all cloth types
but if you just want to respec once
you can
costs 150 g
gotta do the quest
again
o ok
even if you havent done quest once already?
apparently yes
havent seen anyone test it but grapevine says 70 g to respec at 60
dam
i been missing out on tons of gold
On average demo winning but check the max
Buncha dog shit destros pulling us down

Well shadow destro is also trash
So theres that pulling destro down too
T4 isnt trash for mages
what you on?
sword is prot pala too
why lol
why are you saying t4 is trash for mages?
your assuming mage is fire then
lol t4 helm arcane bis
the guy above me said T4 shoulder only bis item
and 100% to not get interrupt isnt garbage
theres a case to prio locks some t4 becaus mages get t5 prio
but its not because t4 is garbage for mages.....
sure but dont lie in discords saying gear is garbage for mages helm/shoulder is arcane bis
the diff between t4 helm and spellstrike is pretty small for both of us
its just kinda scary to tap with shatter inc ngl
esp w no improved tap
I think they are better in T5
mayb in T6 as well
somehow the videos from endless I watched mage crits like 70% of spells
arcane is useless without support
that too but some of them still pump equal to fire
after struggling mag week 1 ( underprepared overall for strats) we went in with optimized comp and it was cake
and optimized strats
thats retarded
yea and then you ahve 10 melee trying not to get shatterd
gl hf
but also trying to pump kekw
we went from pretty dam casual to one of top guilds on server feels goodman
TBC is take the spec not the player
lmao it really is sure you still need good players
but you also need the right classes
ok need is  a strong word
but you still should if you wanna perform
yea but ... why
you can also show up w no wbuffs in classic vanilla and clear everything
I mean just like some players ahve fun raiding with wbuffs in a comp environment, many players have fun raiding in a proper pump comp
week in week out w 4 shaman comp or something
would just be depressing
yes I already said need is strong word
ofc you dont need it
yea your guilds scuffed
turns out its easy to have good raid comp when everyone is just fury warrior playing for personal dps
now in TBC zug mentality dead meme
for aff you still use shadow one right
i picked up shadow and fire one
wrong
fire is bis as long as the mage scorches
until late T6
if your mage swaps sure
no more fire
no. fire is still good. just arcane mage might be better in T5
and if you have 2 mages, one should stay fire
and so should you
arcane fire is an option too
tho I doubt it
could argue that if anyone dies your killtime griefed and parse fucked anyways
but I mean sure man
that too
yes
sac imp
cause spriest died
ofc
yea mono not smart man
dont know what he talking about
THERE IT IS BOYS
PSERVERS KNEW BEST
IM JUST SAYING
PSERVERS DID IT RIGHT
THATS WHY THEY NEVER DID FIRE OR DEMO
@Mono  every day some idiot comes in here and says the same garbage
make a real argument
just sick of hearing the same "appeal to private servers" every day with nothing to back it up
why not
wrong
sims been ran a thousand time even mage disc knows it
not on logs, not on sims
Salad Bakers and Progress both running fire now

600 dps my ass @B.
thats taking the MAX
it says max in the corner
clown
whats his next argument gonna be boys
private server?
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/zone/statistics/1008#aggregate=amount&dataset=100
look at gruul
thats the max parse so your clearly behind as affliction
whether you like it or not
600 for the fire mage kkw
I didnt say shit about chest lmao
??? What are you talking about? The max parse shows a big gap between affliction and destro. You are claiming arcane mage gains up to 600 dps over fire. This is all verifiably false.
He is #67 on the world and only parsed Kara LMAO
now your not even making arguments
just tryna appeal to your retail shit LMAO
your 69 in world in kara
you brought it up. not me. you used it as a justification for your logic.
You are saying random lies about arcane mages
Ill trust bakers and progress I think not you bro
Im looking at logs.25 man logs. Not kara parses lol
I linked the max parse of each class
you say arcane gains 600 dps
unlike you I actually have parses for 2 weeks of gruul mag
good
He tried to look up my name to attack my parses
this is my pserver tag
thats why he said I didnt run a raid yet
lmao
Hmmmm ok
i made on it said fire good shadow bad
but its private
cant show here sorry
ofc noob
snapshot all the dots at the end
internal modifier
I mean I think you can get like 15k incins at the end of beam
so sm ds fuck that
aff utlitity in kara lmao
ok ok
ROFL
stay in for 22 stacks if your trying to split the beam.
If your a chad you stay in for all stacks
shadow ward and drain life if needed
taking 5 stacks each is dogshit
like wasting the bufff
and how the fuck are you gonna have enough ppl to last
theres 42 stacks in just first phase lol
terrible
raid lead no clue what hes doing
thats fine, but when you get more chad and comfy just stay in full phase
you have to keep yourself up tho
healthstone
drain life
shadow ward
destro bb
shadow ward is fine
yea mage might not be able to
If I stay in full beam, is it potentially worth it to try to soulfire in final 6 seconds
if it crits?
true
quags or MOTC for mag?
even tho 1/3 of fight is humanoids
im thinking quags
but yea if you can drop combat
the answer is clear
yea I mean can easily sim the diff between quags and motc
and then apply time to kill for channeler/mag
and weight it out
mag vuln phase probably sucks for maths tho
apparently the play is to mana pot lockman
unless you get free taps on the fight
yep
I would do it on pull and then lust at first vuln phase
second lust at 30% ofc
:p
what you lusting shadow priests?
and tanks?
kekw
6 shaman bis
no
the ppl who got lust stay lusted
can even swap mage in for boomy, lust and swap mage out
and mage will have it
it worked like that on beta
idk mayb early betea
it didnt
BATTLE SHOUT is a specific case
and still works like that
same w commanding
battle shout was confirmed not a bug
and lust behavior was also confiremd
yep
i just need something to help me actually do all these swaps
and not lose dps
so far the prot pala thats just sitting there on gruul and mags does swaps tho
you need to taunt skycrab lol
one of the spells it has is taunt
o ok
check if he took dmg on logs and tanked
mine usually dies
link
o is WCL down
@Zephan what happened you your sim
paints sim so laggy for me
cant get it to calculate just spent forever putting all the gems in
@jpaint im using open office and its sooo laggy
and cant get it to show a number
can you just give me the bis its still setup for non unique gems lol
Has anyone actually simmed a bis setup
fuck this sim
i need excel for it to work i think
found it
@Zephan any trick to get it to cal
just changed gem
not calc ing
@Zephan I think I found a slightly better P1 Fire SF no WB Set

any params fucked?
yep found that one
my sets still simming better
by alot more now
these are weights in units of spellpower?
how are they calced?
1.85 hit at hit cap
am i mizzing totem
or im just shy of hit cap here in this set I guess

in general is it better to go for a gem w 5 hit or 5 spellpower in blue slot?
okay thanks
I guess its probably better to get the hit because that hit valuation is better than an orange gem?
and spell pow valuation is same
nah fuck bonuses
just trying ot figure out purple vs green gem
green epic gem worth I figure
ah nvm
i got confused
a purple epic gem gives 6 SP
a green epic gem gives 5 hit
seem to get better result here w the green gem
and going for all the crit gear
Can i just copy one params sheet into another
to confirm same settings
2 windows open
I challenge anyone to find better set without world boss without beast gear

for fire
#simulations
thank you
tbf i only got 1 dps higher
in this set
yea gfoty but theres 2 hit gems
figured it doesn tmatter?
change one to lambent
dps don move
still  1 dps ahead of zephan NO WB set
ah shit
ill take pic again
i just took pic from above lmao


sounds reasonable
fair enough
the fact that the sets are literally 1 dps different
leads me to believe
it doesnt matter whether we get crit or hit neck/cape
maybe someone can come up with better though?
yep
seems to be you REALLY want those 2 rings
you dont care about neck/wand/cloak which one
seems like you MIGHT prefer to go for some of the crit pieces
given that hit rating will creep in T5
but it also hardly seems to matter
theres also better crit pieces in T5
like sunking neck
so maybe not
anyone well versed in how this goes into later phases ?
@Crix is it better to have hit heavy or crit heavy kara gear going into T5, do you creep up in hit more or crit more w T5 gear?
phase 2 korvo?
flame cap would generally push both of my sets up the same right
if they same dps to begin with
err no, the crit heavy set would benefit more
boom confirmed same settings crit is literally 2 dps more even if I but flame buffet on
also how is flame buffet simmed?
korvo meanwhile in T4 gear

fire winning still
(w flame buffet kek)
okay thanks
SWEATS IN NAGRAND
IM THERE RIGHT NOW
doing so many dumb quests
it exists??
someone just said they cant get q
the helm
Mag'hari ritualist horns
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/MktTQr4PzcXRqWJb#fight=2&type=summary&source=22
this shaman apperas to have badge helm
I thought not in game
Yea I know
fair enough

this guy has them
so do more quests
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/prdzg3YykWa2B8jn#boss=-2&wipes=2&start=0&end=6238642&type=summary&source=12
though
mana-etched crown is probably overlooked bis I figure
probably better than mindlessly doing all these fucking quests
did you read the comments on the q on wowhead?
one guy details all the quests to do
https://tbc.wowhead.com/quest=10212/hero-of-the-maghar
fcking
I hope Im not you
in 6 hrs
how long it take you
bravo
but then again, 0.13 dps better
like
o true
idk why you would play that
the succubus spec?
Is doomwalker in the game?
Yo Doomwalker prollly gonna spawn after maintenance right
any talon of the tempests
Just go watch an hour long video where the guy talks super slowly LOL
this isnt right, it depends on your raid comp
1 aff always
fire is better if you dont have spriest
fire is better if you do have spriest but also a fire mage
IDK why ppl say dumb shit and make it complicated
shadow / demo better if you have spriest and no fire mage
27 minutes for him to suggest clowntaclysm instead of ISB for fire destro
getting there

need meta gem helm
im sorry for your loss
mayb if you had alot of crit gear and dogshit hit gear
but 1 hit rating is worth more than double 1 crit rating before cap
what are the abils felpet has?
taunt, dispel and???
if your immo has alot of duration
shatter properly?
bear?
or warr?
i mean pala shouldnt be the ST tank
Use the soulstone threat wipe lmao
purple or green epic gems from heroics
depending if you need hit

greens slightly more optimal if they fit  I think
hit values at like 1.88 spellpower
before cap
crit is like 0.77
at least on my fire sims
shadow idk
im using zephans
because paints lags too much

no dragonling
no wboss
gz
no
wand sims better lockman
by a good amount
can lower prio it
but yea
even black stalk
have salv
open w a few curse or immos
use fetish
hit mobs that arent being hit first
so your first seed doesnt blow up early
htiting mobs that arent skull first
is a good tip
sure
i mean w the seed
so they dont blow up early and rip half the mobs out
if you seed skull
insta blow up
half the mobs run at you
all scuffed
your better off tabbing in most situations
because you will just rip faster with skull spam
which is good
because skull dies slower
and you get more aoe dps
but
if you rip
its trash
also if your ripping and praying for seeds to blow up before you die
shadow burn a seed mob
to make it boom
so they die
or conflag
yep
idk about hellfiring sounds situational
and the good ol insta sac void
is a way to save it
if you fuck up
yea I wish I had drums for seed
im at my shamans beck and calll
for bongos
i really dont know
sometimes it seems like seed blows them up
but also ppl say it doesnt work
and I have seen it appear to not work
so im p sure it doesnt work
yo Stabile : you know how you said oyu need 5 groups for mag
well
if you dont click cube until he channels, not casts, he doesnt reset his CD on cave in
but you should still have 5 groups because you can click for dmg
click for dmg in lust and execute poggers
idk they said to do it for every single one
idk about the details
probably the last before cave in
but who knows
yep eveyone should click
if not for the CD reset
for the damage
its free dmg if your kill is fast
@Pluz if you only have 1 tank in run how do you netherspite?
spriest not weaving proper?
theres no way thats the range
without some debuff/mob level change etc
or is it partials/
Pala isnt supposed to ST tank
Yea but will they ever hold
We get better gear too
My pala has really nice gear warlock loot doesnt drop
Theyll get alot more gear but how is their SP scaling compared to a lock
My prot pala thinks hell out scale warr ST threat
I think he's cooked
Yea they good enough
Just threat capp
You havent checked since before tbc release then
Sim it but demo is gay
Pets can really help in heroics
Silence/ seduce
Demo is more smg than shad in raid
Demo isnt no 1 in kara anymore
And shouldn't be
Not enough raid buffs for pet and sucks on netherspite/curator/aran
its not that bad
but its still kinda bad
demo doesnt make sense for prog
taxes healer mana
to keep up pet
obviously?


chefs kiss
its not a waste
you flask every raid right
you pay that gold
you spend gold on destro pots
but your gonna leave all that spell power on the table
every raid
inferno waist cord is good for holding over
til you have gold
but skipping entirely
idk man
guess your broke
spellstrike legs get replaced next phase
spellfire could last much longer
idk
about t5 really
vash robe is good
im not sure you dont replace it
yea
but there is nice gloves
i doubt you hold spellfire gloves
if you replace the set
ye
i dont really know
if you have a fire mage in your 25 man
you play fire
if you dont have a spriest you play fire
if you have spriest and no mage
shadow
how you doin caesar
immo is worth over corr
theres a pin
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/843716208112173076
Shadow Destro (compared to shadow bolt):
immolate: almost always
corruption: sometimes (T4 4pc)
moving conflag: always
moving conflag instead of sburn: never
stationary conflag: almost never
stationary sburn: < 1405 spellpower (see note)
you dont corruption unless you have t4 4pc
this is also why you use the knapsack
not the shadow OH
run a sim retard reroll
ðŸ™‚
i was way more retarded on warr disc
warlock is abit more straight forward
https://tenor.com/view/puppy-dog-eyes-sad-saint-innocent-shrek-gif-5956398
shrek 2?
paint you should just stop reading
you never take cata
and unironically , demo
i really recommend at least taking a small time with Zephans sim
it doesnt take long
and you will learn alot about your class
stat weights are nice to learn
what items are actually good/minor
@jpaint how does your sim align w zephan
is it diverging alot?
or close enough
because yours just lags my comp out
post pics
or didnt happen
also tier chest isnt bis for fire gottem
post your seed set too
if you think your seed set is your shadow set
your fuckin up
eh
i have a fire mage
im finna parse tmrw
i have a fire mage and aff lock XD
focusing more on crit than SP
4 pce obli
your the only caster
and aff lock thats sad
non poor ppl
I make like what 2k a week off cloths alone
im not
im just joking
post your bis tho
i wanna see
its dropping hard actually
seems to be saturating
im sad
ofc not
just spec for funs
yea affliction is actually sweet in kara I think
lots of multi dot/min max to do
each boss has some mechanics that benefit affliciton
DS
pins
#deleted-channel
all i hear is someone not posting their gear
lets see these gems
I do believe him
I totally do
Hve you seen Salad bakers mage lmao
bissed the fuck out
they killed HKM in like 17 s today
or  something
@jpaint how many badges do I need to save for gear in later phases
everyone else I ask seems cooked
doesnt know
in before he says 69 or some stupid shit
i know for the fire resist
but ppl told me I wont want any of the other gear
but Im looking at it
and it seems to be entry level haste gear in sunwell
which I imagine is pretty dam good
i enjoy playing le game
heroics dont burn me out
as long as fun group
srsly tho
noone knows?
what gear to save for
later on
yo lemme get that loot res sheet
i wanna peeps your style
ill give twitch prime
you got jebaited
they gon give you T4 last now
cause you got unimind
never take the filler piece
as the chad class
shoulda taken the void crystal
im jk
gz show helms for noobs anyway
p sure they did
but they are randomized after
fug em
if you have fire mage
or if you dont have spriest
use the search feature apes
!lmgtfy
We actually do need a srs discussion/TC channel
or we probably do and I dont have access
any good info is lost in retards asking what spec they should play
mm
maybe we need a dumb questions channel
instead
Its not being a dbag
its ppl being too dumb to use a discord and the resources on it
and ruining a channel for others
k
if you cant read a FAQ or scroll for 5 minutes and read what spec you should play
your dumb
srry
hard stop
its not elitist to want ppl to read pins in a discord
its normal
frost
theres a sim
but go ruin
imp bolt
if your asking what spec to play, im helping you by pushing you to read pins
instead of just spoonfeeding you an answer
so you can run off and be clueless again
til your brain arrives at another question
ppl just get upset when they want shit handed to them
and they have to read for 2 minutes
instead
usually after unless your refreshing before having to move or something
didnt realise mana-binders cowl is in game
crix should probably put on prebis list
over these horns that take 1 million quests to get
Actually its not
Bis
In sunwell
Theres better trinkets by then
Hex shrunken head skull of guldan
Naaru sliver
All better
Dogshit aoe
Dogshit trash clear
Still uses mana
Yea meta gemming oblivion helm for prebis is smart to me
Real close to badge helm too
I dont need mana etched hit anyways
Also covers your blue slot until t4 shoulder
boots last into T5
the rest is replaced in this tier
trial fire trousers?
Bis for arcane mage tho
shouldnt take those from mage if just gonna replace w spellstrike
@Chadlord
possibly overlooked as alternative on wowhead bis list
yo how many of you clear servant quarters in kara
my guild is lazy
React if you clear it
bis boots bis bracers
at least the bracers are truly bis
boots mayb not for shadow
i figure between arcane/fire/shadow drops its worth doing
theres probably some other rolls that are good
not many good bracers in game it seems
I mean for other classes too
surely some of the rolls are good
can it roll healing
51 dmg > 30 dmg 8 hit
plat can roll 29stam 19str +19defense rating
thats pretty dam good for bracers
like it seems theres actually alot of good rolls you can get
sure shadow  wrath cloth is low
a prot pala probably fucks with 29stam 19str +19defense rating
kara isnt long af
its over in like 2 hr
meh
its something to do
if it was tank bis gear
ppl would run every time
how long does the servant quarters take
you also get bis ring faster from rep
so what if your ele shaman still needs lgihtning cap you run all of kara til end of time
lol
yall lazy
imma  get these ravager cuffs and flex on yall
40 of us farmed green shards for healing daggers for 4 healers
but this is waste of time
meh
true
netherspite waste of time
imagine doing netherspite not leveling your alt
exactly
seems like actually TONS of classes can get gear there
ppl just dont know about it
because bis lists dont include it
most discourse on this discord is silly
also
can you scout the boss using eye of kilrogg
and reset it
ah ok
way I see it , doing servant quarters is worth at least til everyone has exalted ring
your supposed to wait hannu
til he starts channeling
it prevents the bug of him resetting CD on cave in
yea I mean if your a good raid I dont think it really matters
assign 5 groups
be ready to click
5 teams of clickers
always
even if you dont need 5 teams
yep
tank clicks
its free dmg
if you are gonna kill in  4 clicks
5th group click for the dmg
erxecute phase double vuln w lust
lol crix same
for a long time
destro nightfall kekw
its shadow fury spec w some bells n whistles
its basically the spec I made forheroic spam
imp DS for seed threat
big aoe burst
need imp to live to justify it on ST tho
Its not like the spec depends on your imp living in heroics LOL
the utility of shadowfury and seed threat reduc
is why its so good in dungeons
its jsut for raid like your kinda griefing mayb on single target
yea its a spec that isnt punished for using ANY pet in heroics
where as Demo sucks if you wanna use succ/felhunter
so does DS
thats part of why its so good for heroic
o yea felhunter is great
threat is a mechanic
you have to play around
depending on your tank
soul shatter
fetish
but really you just have to do a bit less dmg so you dont rip
and make the heroic run smooth
so many idiots in heroics staring at dps meter
chill out
and just play well to get the dungeon done
I have this ele sham who chain lightning on the pull every time in heroics
rips half the mobs out of my seed
forces tank to taunt
and then seed doesnt land and he has no taunt
and its a mess
he says "he should be able to cast chain lighntning because its a part of his single target rotation"
and Im just like no dude
you have to wait
you dont just fucking AE on the pull and say "this is my class"
if its safe to
not all the time like this guys chain lightning
or salv
or a god prot pala
its like a 2h arms warrior saying "Whirlwind is part of my single target rotation so I use it on the pull"
except he has full mail
and rips from ranged
some of you dont play w good prot palas I guess
but yea generally you ST heroics
of course
you just play around your group
yep
can pull 2 packs at a time at least in most heroics
lmao
ok
most prot paladings are actually bad
like dogshit
alot of prot pala is understanding limit and how to pull the dungeon
yep
also if you dont have mage, frost trap, earthbind totem still work fine for big pulls
i like ret pala in heroics
salv, utility, still does 1k dps w BS sword
underrated
better than any other melee dps IMO
but yea 2 prot palas in my guild cant really cut it , but 1 is an absolute god
yes
orange gems are best if you need hit at all
i mean yellow gems are also great if you REALLY need hit
but 2 orange > 1 red 1 yellow
yea
but I think an optimal set generally takes advantage of orange gems

best sim I have seen for destro fire
no wboss loot
no ravager bracer
can swap weaps in combat
i forgot about that weapon
but that weapon is insane
defs bis for mag
i can try another set
but I did try crit heavy gear, w more yellow gems
simmed worse
because ruby drape is strong
basically
mayb just wroking in eredar wand
i can try that later
get on the sim and show me whats up ryu
i also been wondering if I should prio some of those crit pieces for T5
even tho most setups sim very close for t4
also, im still wondering about badges in later phases
looks like there is entry level haste gear from badges
are you sure we dont wanna save badges for later?
in 95?
im taking 13 hit full spellfire full enchant and gems to kara today boys
w fire mage
gonna stay in full beam
gimme the crits
i hope I dont have to green beam
dps loss
just goonna shadow ward and yell for heals
165 hit is bis not 164 I think
but if your in that ballpark
your fine
assuming ele sham group
yikes
no bloodfury imagine
no the meta gem is bis
thats why he suggested 2 blue gems
to turn on the meta
Chaotic Skyfire Diamond
?csd
yea so work w your hood for a while
but ultimately meta gem bis
idk how spellstrike hood compares to prebis meta gem helms
but its probably better
assuming you dont overcap hit
might have to waste a bunch of gold on red gems
you end up replacing
im cooming
DN is the most fun spec easily
if you care about clearing trash fsat I tihnk you can make a case that its bis
like what does DS really shave off a boss kill time
a few seconds?
15% fire dmg from DS?
oops
wrong reply
meant to reply this
How do the metas compare for seed set
Do I go haste for oblivion helm
4 pce + spell strikepants
I been using lightning cap on aoe capped pulls and I see bolts flying but it doesnt show up on dmg meter
Think the mobs die before bolt lands
stolen
Ritsyn for aff
It's supposed to be bis if aoe capped
But my results are bad so far
Might need more crit
Ill test a bit
I havent tested much
Hard to tell if one seed is cause of many procs or not
When spamming
Ahhh
Icd
Gross
its like the tiniest difference
in theory its good for aoe cap
because its free dmg
but its not BIG at all
I think scryers gem has use
if I gotta wear this fire res shit or shadow res later.....
o pvp chann
youd need extended seeding, high HP mobs to get many procs
mayb in hyjal?
its like every 2.5 seconds you can get a lil bolt that adds 1-3k dmg
yea its like frre real estate when AE capped
but
most times im AE capped
mobs die very fast
so yea sure I get like 1 or 2 bolts
and often you claen up a few mobs after the big AE
and it does nothing for that
its cool , it does seem to boost dmg a bit
but idk if its even worth a bag slot lol
main reason I bring it out is to taunt the ele sham
is it time
are we meta-ing afliction out
pls say yes
I have seen some affliction gods do amazing dmg
so I dont think its time
sadge


its not
its been there since week 1
he was top allstars before ppfairy
he doesnt even cheese either
no doom
casts banish
casts fear
he is just a multi dotting god gamer
it means he is doing the best in his class/spec
hes also doing same dps as me as affliciton
like you can talk shit about all stars, but not this guy
yep
@Dive https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/zone/statistics/1008#dataset=100&aggregate=amount
top aff is like 1500 top destro is like 1900
across the three 25 mans
averaged
p sure hes casting on off mobs
and still casting ele on his target
yea his best gruul has doom
idk I looked at mag
week 1 he casted ele
they probably decided hes a god when he got top allstars
and started propping him up
or mayb its the other aff lock thats up there
this guy is indeed dooming and shit
idk cant find it anymore
someone was owning while doing their job properly
but it makes sense they are drowned by cheese now
I saw a mag log where guy had 100 and was casting elements on multiple adds in week 1
best aff 1500, say 1400 with no doom
best destro 2k
So you lose 600 dps at the top to give 2.7% to all casters
losing 30% dmg ish to play aff to buff others by 2.7%
sounds bad*
11.11 casters needed?
max aff was 1500, max destro was 2k averaged across the three 25 mans
i dropped 100 off aff for doom
what is the point of any chosen comparison number
yea should drop logs and just sim id say
but then ppl say like o that doesnt account for real fights
taking the average of shitters doesnt really seem good either
can say the same shit about anything from logs
BRO WE ARE TRYING TO META THEM OUT
NOT IN
PICK NUMBERS THAT MAKE THEM LOOK BAD
im just kidding
i know
yes prolly
fuck gruul look at multi targ fights for nice gameplay
theres alot of nice gameplay you can do in kara bosses too with affli
it snot shit
its not bis
ill try gettingmy pala to spam a blessing
in that phase
no war tank
can druid do something to get threat
bear druid
MOTW?
yea
because its phys dmg
and the shaman has mail on
illhoof amps?
ill try
idk the boss fights in kara are varied
its fun
way more fun than naxx bosses
lowkey all the tanks can do pretty goodd ST
if they are gamers
tanks are more "pressing buttons" reliant
ofc they gear reliant
but alot of tanks suck at button pressing
as usual
foty
your warr casted shield slam 3 times on attumen
over 1:45
3 slams
im srry to say
hes dogshit
spamming devastate
like a sunder spammer in classic
hes dogshit
see the thing about warr in TBC is you dont have infi rage like you did in classic w wbuffs
you ahve to actually manage rage not spam devastate
and that takes a brain
yep
revenge near 10 CPM
ss near 8
looks good
hes doing better there
mayb hes just greifed on attumen
idk
hes still sapmming too much heroic
on prince
and not hitting his shield slams
ok he wasnt getting hit
fair enough
he still should cast shield slam on CD over heroic spamming
and work on that
but his revenge is p ok
most ppl who play it are too
lol
its kinda weird feeling
because you feel like you will lose aggro if you dont hit buttons
but if you delay shield slam by hitting buttons
your griefing yourself
and now w devastate ppl arent really sure
what is more threat
bc they dont research their class
imagine using runes
and not caps
flame caps being 1 g
is most underrated part of fire
if you have the kill times you can justify it
most dont.
it is actually kinda tilt
also having all this fire gear and my shadow gear being shabby
is annoying a bit
but
well get there
what I can say is, after spellfire, my dmg is gross
its so disgusting
with fire mage, should I shadow or fire nightbane
2 lock 1 mage
plenty of aoe
to handle adds
noone has cried about loot
ppl who cry about kara loot are retards
Exorcius raid tools shows what cds are up
like lust
dont think anything automates swaps tho
gruul 2 SRs is easy
shoulders and magus blade
what staff is that
also lets see these gems
annoying you cant take pic of all gems
rings still hurting
but yea
p fuckin blaster
what staff is that
it feels fine in 5 mans
as long as I dont hjave to seed a bunch
thats when its awk
you got alot of loots but id say your still a ways off
do you even do heroics
no icon
no OH no thrallmar rep?
and the rings are kinda basic
is that nightbane chest
dont even know what lock T4 chest looks like
yea thats nightbane chest
is that fel armor
or no fel armor
im at 1113 fire spellpower 15 crit 13 hit and have half the loot you do
it is yea
its nice
tho we have gotten 1 fucking lock tier (gloves)
across 6 karas
and 2 mag/gruuls
rng can b bitch
curator staff worse than prebis right
yea
mayb if you really need hit
but its a significant loss of SP
dam dude nice
your uhh
looted af
only lock or what?
go do thrallmar rep
Demo or SM DS
your supposed to know how to play your class.
Shadow Mastery , Demonic Sacrifice
it is a build where you sac void typically for farm or succ for dmg
and spam dots and siphon
makes it v easy to sustain
lower dmg than other specs in raid
Sl sl is v similar
It is better dps if you sac succ
A bit more flexible but worse in pvp
Od say
Id*
Id recommend demo if you want dps more than SM DS
But you'll lose the dots and the siphon
Lol
Can you enslave
I never try it
Seems rude
Yea doubt
Still wanna see someone run improved enslave
W the demon puppy in kara
With no bane and imp SB your dps is gonna be dogshit
Thats just way it is
Generally you want dots you cast to get full duration. You have to judge how long mobs live
Theres a very detailed pin.
Agony cam be good if mlb doesnt die halfway thru
It feels way better to fire in Heroic outside of the crit dream pull
Conflag finisher cozy
Yes and it has been known  for months.
P much
Im not boost but dont have it
Imagine using a pet
Demo
Book dont matter
On any significant fight len book is real small
Enough that it seems more hassle than worth
Then its p nice pad but still nothing crazy
150 dps or something
Im probably overshooting
Cba to sim since I dont have it
Its bigger for imp than fg iirc tho
Fire has better itemization
Part of the reason its better
Nope
God so many ppl dont know
Fire is best until mid late sunwell, but you need a fire mage
In t5 mages want to be arc frost
Meaning fire might not last
Some mages fprcing arcane early meaning you cant run fire
Arcane only beats fire in t4 on fast kills
Most guilds dont kill fast enpugh to justify arcane
Even for personal dps
Nvm raid wide
Odaal top dps mage from salad bakers says arc fire will be meta
But ymmv in your guild
Odaal has the highest DPS of all mages currently
and even he says it
in the mage disc
and they all started malding
it was great

42 beam stacks

fire destro
so no DS
kinda dumpstered kara last night
messed up afew bosses
got boots and ring ayyy
what are ppl doing to cheese nightbane
yea hes a thick boy
affliction for the crab
broke and other locks got drip
you play aff
for speedrunning kara I guess
also all 3 of our groups did beast boss no complaints
its a ton of free rep
and theres good drops for a lot of classes
survival hunter of agility drops
nope at end
we did it
he doesnt spawn until you kill X adds
yes
you have to clear a bunch
but they are easy aoe
and free rep
also you get the demon dog enslave
ppl say its super rare to get something good, i think they are wrong
hunter can roll 3 different armor types Of Agility gear for survival
all 3 slots
3 different slots of natures wrath for ele shaman
some nice bracers for melee
i think beast boss totally worth
free rep
No I went all in on beautiful fire gear
i should change name
I still shill DN most fun spec and probably great for the trash clears
but imma parse boy w the fire gear
gotta use it
i got boots of fireteling and ring of recurrence tho!
last raid
yep
also gets reduced threat on aff spells for seed
the price you pay for pumper group
I got some real nice parses without ele or spriest
or 2 lust
get better tank lul
i died on moroes from threat
and then I woulda probably got a super super good parse on shade, but dumbass me decided to move into center to try to banish adds better and got silenced for entier lust
My fury has DST and asked for my SS on moroes, only for him to get gougued and me to die
I stayed in full beam without having to green beam
but
I crit 2x
the whole time
Doom hit for 28k tho
i love muh mage he is fire he is lovev he is life
improved scorch is my best frien
love them
and so cheap!
imagine paying 20 g for dark runes
just spam the caps?
idk its not that complicated
raid comp
not gear
you say that but most top parses are still 1 lust
whats HS
I have flame caps
80 spellpower for one minute
or healing yourself
as a dps
no
theres just little good discussion because every 2 minutes someone asks what spec or gear
ppl talked alot about min maxing before it was invaded by all the TBC rollers
ppl used fuckin rocket boots slowfall  to float closer to Gluth for uptime in naxx for expample
yes
glowin nightseye work
yep
but min maxing gear and shit is fun
its a fun little game in TBC w the gems
hitting that perfect 165
some of us are perfect god gamers w 0 mistakes
ok
flamecap, cast time, better tailor set, better offhand,
just better
dragonling doesnt fucking work tho
we tested it on curator
it just sits there like an idiot
put in the bug reports boys
whats the difference between the top bit zaldin
have you ever run a sim
its even more
if one spec is 200 dps different than another
its kinda big dude
no there are good guilds
loool
I feel like your coping
because your guild is bad
idk why else your being so sour
PLENTY of people play 10 hours a day and perform like dogshit in raid
reducing the best players to ppl who play alot
is just kinda cringe
yep
lol okay dude whats the point of this conversation
for us to tell you that fire is overrated?
so you can feel good about being shadow
Leshrac go sit at DMF and gank ppl for 10 hours a day
hes griefer warlock that literally spends all his time ganking DMF cause no life
literally 12 hours a day
sits there
he never once got my buffs tho
never once
I mean theres plenty of better things to do with your life even in a lockdown bruh
maybe you coulda farmed some gold so your gear wouldnt be so dog in TBC
you know
whatver
fail at greifing for 12 hours?
death coil > bg que see yea
You cant blame me for giving you  a hard time about it
lol its not a problem
itt was freest dmf all server
yea im already over it
you came here to meme on rerollers ?
or did you want something
im not mad lol I just think your cringe
meh
12 hour / day
every single week
prolly more
i dont keep tabs on him
warlock isnt that fun in raid if im being honest
thats why all you have said is "how many of you are rerollers" right
69
69 rerollers in this disc currently
I find it a bit frustrating that its dependent on being static / min maxing your environment more than your hitting of buttons
but
its fun
big numbers
gearing is cool
seed is neato
feel like a god everyone wants you in group
solo group quests
also if you think your cringe actions in game shouldnt have an effect on how ppl treat you outside of your server discord, Im sorry bro that aint how life works
but I will stay on topic
lol i kinda wanna give bear DST
but I know its wrong
its because you dont need the threat
i figure
I havent been threat capped by bear
yes but its a diff game w salv MD
and the bear scales like crazy
yea
noones saying he has to get TT
hes saying
its better to give TT than DST
thats all
lmao
andros is on one
we gave a fury DST
i mean the fury is like getting top 3 world parses and our hunters still dont have primalstrike
no just a shitty casual guild
we went kinda hard in TBC
we had like 15 dogs in classic
but 25 or so gamers
but the reason he got DST, is first week drop, and our hutners are all reroll/ppl who quit at some point in classic
the fury is reliable
hell never quit
yep
w.e
thats fine
give the memes shit weaps in T4
take the better weaps
getting magus blade is lowkey like getting mageblade
and being cucked on weaps for a long time
exactly
give the prot palas and support classes t4 weapons
take the good T5 weapons
yea
its really nbd
25 man loot is chill
yea it really dont matter
still need badges
i get good gold in dungeons
its chillin
I have a struggle bus decision to make
I have Maghari Ritualist Horns , and T3 shoulders.

I want metagem helm. 

I could buy the badge helm and gem oblivion shoulders, or farm mana etched all weekend, OR farm oblivion hood. But its heroic Arc
or juist say fuck it and wait til T4
well I think imma use 50 on the helm, need 100 for the fire res, bought both offhands, etc
yes
Im still trying to find out if I need to save
there is entry level haste gear
for Sunwell
but idk how good it is
yes locks need the fire res
we need more badges than anoyone else
we get post nerf solarian tho I think
so we dont all need arcane res
165 w ele
Zephans is google I thought
by native
it opens a google doc
when I click it
iirc
i got soulcloth shoulders in raid
im finna print gold
when i get off work
Make purple shoulders w soul essence > DE > profit
really?
voids are like 80-100 g on my server
and I have like 200 essence
sunwell
its not a set tho
its pretty simple
if you have a fire mage
craft it if you have gold
the gear fucking owns the sooner you get it the longer you wear
well someone in your guild has never even looked at T5 gear
compare spellstrike legs to T5 legs
and tell me  if what your guildy is saying makes sense
you can have the gear today
or you can sit around waiti for T4 chest
and take T4 you dont need
which means you might not get pieces you do need
as fast
just depends how you wanna play the game
but im fucking disgusting with this gear
exactly so you can sit around waiting for T4 chest of mags
or you can have gear
gold isnt hard to get
its actually so easy to get the gold
Depends on your guild but if one guy spends 5k on gear and another guy says "ill just get T4", well guess who I am giving first T4 shoulders and helm to?
lol ofc not
he can get the T4 chest that isnt even bis
and the T4 gloves noone wants
yea and the guy who bothered to spend his gold to help the raid
gets the loots
nbd like you said waiting for 1 person
if you cba to put in effort you dont get prio over ppl who do
thats just life.
thats ass backwards
he is waiting for 4 pces of T4
he is getting 2 automatically because he didnt buy a chest or gloves
the other 2
the ones that are bis
are going to the guy wqho bought the gear
i know you casuals think thats toxic, but its 100% logical
you dont get 4 pieces before someone else gets 2
its completely fair.
tailoring gear should be mandatory, its free BIS
it makes no sense to skip it.
and thats fine if they take a bit longer to get it
but you dont expect prio over ppl who are putting in work
because your lazy/borke
we arent worrying about loot
we have players on the same page
that understand how this game works
that dont expect prio over tailor BIS ppl
for no reason.
theres more factors than just tailoring gear
for sure
but
im still truthing here
even if its not mandatory
its just how loot works
so you skip your boots right
you get boots from raid
welll someone else
is gonna get a nother piece
because you got boots
if I dont need boots, and you need boots, then I end up getting something else
because you got boots
thats just how fair loot works
even if tailor isnt mandatory
it allows you to get the loot that is actually good
your retarded
everyone should get even amounts of loot from raid you agree?
if you get 1 piece
I get 1 pice
if I dont need boots
I should get the piece that isnt boots
still ends up with same result
you spend dkp on boots
i spend on something else
thats how it works
thats literally just the way the game works
its just being fair
noone cares, so give it out evenly right?
it sounds like you think you should just get to roll on every piece and skip tailoring.
none of the gear you buy is replaced in kara.
your too dumb to sustain an argument
you just dont get it.
yea im talking about someone buying fire bis and therefore not needing T4 chest, whereas someone else skips it and does
im already top parsing ayyy
or near at least, no ele sham in kara
see you in T5
My guild wont ever be a top guild
hes actually right
but
it doesnt make me wrong
hes just tryna make me upset because he has no argument
not even
no
yall are dub
i saying this:
If one guy gets spellfire set. He doesnt need T4 chest or legs or gloves. 

If another guy skips tailoring. He needs those.

So he gets chest legs gloves
other guy gets helm shoulders.
Helm shoulders are the true bis, so the tailoring guy wins.
how is that unfair
tell me what is more fair
so you win 5 pieces in rolls and you think that is fair?
you think that will make the ppl putting in effort enjoy the game
yea you guys are just casual mentality
lmao
the guy who bought tailoring gear, isnt rolling on those 3 items
so your just getting them
automatically
so yes
what I said
is fair and accurate
but you clearly care
alot
that im sptting these facts
you think that good guilds skip tailoring BIS?
okay
exactly
stop making up arguments
lmao its so easy to make gold
its signalling that you play the game
and that you care about your performance
ya 5g in classic is like 50 g in tbc
All I was trying to do is tell someone why they might care about getting their tailoring gear, even if its a small upgrade over T4 4 pce.
and you all came in here
brigading your "roll on every loot kara dont matter"
its ofc up to anyone in their own situation
but that is how it plays out in practice
if you need 10 pieces from raid and I need 4
ill probably get my 4 pieces
and youll still be waiting for a few
its not elitist, its just how shit normally happens
im not saying you prio the tailor person
im saying if you give 1 piece of loot to each person at a time
you end up full bis faster if you tailor
say your a DKP guild
you spend DKP on pieces I dont need
I spend on pieces i need
liek any loot system other than just YOLO rolling
this is what will happen
^
what
what are you even on
no you get the boots that drop in raid
we dont DE them to punish you
but the other guy ONLY needs shoulders helm
so he probably gets shoulders helm
a smart loot council would probably give the guy in tailor bis shoulders helm first, knowing they are then only pieces he can get, yes.
but within reason
you dont just fuck over someone ad nauseum
just because his boots dont drop
you use a brain
shoulders are 25 man
lol enjoy your casual guild tailor skippers
theres a chance you get to roll on shoulders because your boots never drop or whatever
but ITS MOST LIKELY that you will get pieces from raid
and that when shoulders drop
he will get them
its just how the game goes
what?
why would I let boots get DEed?
you guys are just not listening
yea then your just greifing
your guild
id gkick you
ngl
its not elitism
its being fair
to all players
im srry your too selfish to see that
yea because they just arent thinking
just getting triggered at the thought of not getting loot
yes
ppl in my guild understand concepts of fairness and why getting prebis is important.
and we arent elitist or try hard
that too
again, this convo started about one person who doesnt need chest, legs or gloves. Vs a person who does. We were talking about fire. If its just boots, its fine. But its NEVER just boots. If we are talking about shadow. You want 4 pce T4 and youll need some belt from raid if your skipping girdle of ruination.
yep, thats why I said "have fun in your casuual guild with likeminded players"
this isnt a problem in my guild.
this is me advising you why you might not want to skip tailoring
take that how you will
if it doesnt apply in your guild that rolls all loot
then your good.
no
belt
Girdle of Ruination.
not bop
but tailor bis
you mayb part of the issue is you came in halway thru when I was never talking about shadow to begin with
skipping 1 piece of gear is not as bad as skippin 4 !
should be obvious
yes you can
lol
fire is still better than shadow without spellfire
doesnt seem anymore retarded than skipping shadow tailoring
fire is still better without tailor gear
[inferno waist cord] is basically same as spellfire belt
whereas girdle of ruination is irreplaceable for shadow
I just dont tihnk you know what your talking about mosaic.
sigh
nothing good
that BOE is great for fire too.
if you skip shadowweave boots, and have all other BOE tailor gear, you do MORE dmg with fire
assuming raid comp allows
just stop arguing you dont know what your talking about its clear.
go play the game.
I mean in likeminded guild with likeminded ppl, everyone gets their prebis
not that it should be mandatory in your casual ass guild
stop taking this shit personally
go play the game.
Yep^
can farm any piece of tailor gear in literally 1 day
I farmed SGC over 2 months doing like 20 runs a day
enjoy your casual guild.
see yea.
cleraing all content in vanilla doesnt make you not casual
my pug cleared all content in vanilla
BRO WE CLEARED THE EASIEST CONTENT IN ALL OF WOW
yea like on the real if you play casually dont listen to me dont listen to most shit none of it is important
I kinda assume ppl who come to a warlock discord are somwhwat invested in game
demo is good
the thing about demo is
it depends on others in your raid
to buff your pet
heal your pet
not stand on your pet and get it hit by AOE
its a frustrating spec to play with ppl who dont care about your pet
it also takes 2x the raid dmg
it is technically a tax on your healers
nope
so if someone stands in your pets spot, and causes gruul to cave in on it
it just cant dps
because you cant control where it stands
so its actually very competitive
but its harder to pull off
the big thing that makes it strong is gruul silences
just play destro
its more happy
you dont need a million gears
to make destro acceptable
yes
play what you like
its not a big deal
hell play DN
if it was a big deal your guild would tell you what to play
affiliction and Demo are nice for farming
affliction is nice if your the least gaered in raid
showing ppl that your willing to play affliction and be a team player
is a good way to get into a good raid team
I can find 1000 dps locks to cast shadow bolt or incinerate
finding someone willing to play affliction sometimes tho
its better than destro i assume or maybe not
I havent farmed as demo at 70
by those numbers its probably quite worth actually
200 dps loss to buff all casters by 2.7%
its a 200 dps tho thats wht you posted
well you didnt post max
I know what max looks like
but max is also outliers
if your not a max parse guild do those numbers really apply
probably not
yes and your 95th percentile
says affliction is good.
????
what is max for 95th percentile?
thats just max
what
it is a diff number
legit question
what is the max of a 95th percentil
im all for min maxing affliction out of the game
just wanna use good numbers to do so
your best off just running the sim
theres preset gear
takes 2 seconds
do you know what 95th percentile means
its the top 5percent of players
actually no i scuffed that
95th is the bottom 95 percent
ok i was cooked
max of 95th percentile
is the highest parse below the top 5 percent
which isnt a terrible number id say
to use
burn affliction out of the game
its not
hildi
its not
im changing the percentile and its changing the max
wait
wait wait
idk im cooked today
its not changing
it was
i swear
this sit is making me crazy
site*
i think i looked at dps column not max
the max IS the top parse
dont use the max
idk I think sometimes the settings change from "gruul" back to average across all bosses
and I dont notice and get confuse
anyways
dont use the max number to push aff out
realistically it depends on your guild
look how much the aff does
in your guild
and how much the destro does
and make your own call.
so basically just grief as affliction so you dont have to play it
median is based
can I even get median off this tho
median doesnt get so scuffed by outliers
so its better than a mean when we want to reject outliers
but we cant get a median here
the only thing I care about is jpaint fixing his sim so I can use it
and putting sets that arent full epic gemmed
yes but you could say the same about ppl at the top
cheesing in vari ways
do you use excel with it?
bc I tried Open office AND libre
and they both were so slow
I spent 30 minutes putting gems in
only to fucking not work
and not give a number
I did all the things it says
changed the duration
turn auto calc off and on
press F9
hold F9
etc
median is more resilient to heavy outliers in general
but yes its still not perfect
yes
at a certain point, you cant call them outliers, if they are dominant
generally in statistics we like median because its more resilient to outliers
but there is a bit of art to picking the right representative number
i literally dont know how to get median on WCL
so
its a moot point
yes
yes
it does other things fine
my computers getting old
but its not bad
1080
processor is decent
idk your sim is the only one I have had an issue with
i did run it in the past
mayb my computer is dying
its possible
UI was super slow yea
like I click a gem it takes 10 s to load
and then another 10 s to make the selection
etc
and as I used it more it seemed to get worse
I turned auto calc off
it didnt help
and in the end
I just got the old # none
for my DPS
and couldnt get it to show a number
so maybe I made an error
that made it bug out
# n/a or w.e
was like it was caught in some kinda of infi loop or something
pretty sure all I did was pick a gear preset, change rotation, and then started changing the gems
yes an addon for his sim kekw
we arent talking about the game
yes they are
Shining Fire Opal, Glowing Tanzanite, Lambent Cryophrase and the other hit green one

best sim I have seen so far.
the glowing nightseye should be glowing tanzanite
but thats just obvious
yea fuck that one
you can see stat wieghts at the top
1 int is 0.22 spellpower
so unique equipped doesnt seem to be accurate
even thought that is what the item says
1 sec lemme pull up wow
What helm are you using currently
zephans
@jpaint
just says Unique
not Unique-Equipped.
and I dont believ you can actually roll on a second one if you own one
procs all the time
worse than what
well that may be true
quags kinda is better the better your gear is
they all assume you have ele shaman
so are you simming a bis setup
or some random setup
I can see this being the case
while you lack BIS hit pieces
eventually you have such strong hit pieces its hard to make room for bloodgem
also, the more crit you have, the better quags gets right
sure
something like that
but im not wasting 1000 gold to gem spellpower
only to replce next raid
spellstrike
ah yea
thats no pi bro
thats just mag vuln and large dick
yes
noob guild
you are bb
you da man
whats the point
fire is clearly large dick
some high crit RNG shadows
youll see the data and do what
LMAO
yo fyi I got a talon
i didnt actually get a talon im imitating him
not easy on my server thats for sure
Blade of wiz is only 2k g tho
im considering it....
@Pluz Do you have sunfire enchant? I feel like its not worth
10 SP for so much gold and nerf your shadow spells
like what even is the dps gain
you still cast doom
im simming it
its not really the cost its the loss to when I do play shadow
soulfrost is bigger than sunfire
its more SP
@Pluz 4 dps on the sim
to use spellpower instead of sunfire
imma not worry about that for a bit
in full bis all buffs
gotta do enchanting first
no other opinions
eye of mag is dogshit
get your quags eye
lmao
yes
i mean ofc its trash if you arent hit capped
and can use another trinket to hit cap
but it sims 30 dps upgrade over anything else
in bis
its better the more SP /crit you get
yes
i mean alot of ppl are just sitting around in their T3
if you actually gem preraid upgrades
you can swap now
once hitcapped eye of mag is useless
how the fuck you gonna be not hitcapped in week 3
tbh
figure it out
what kinda scuffed ass gear you got
ya so basically you havent put much effort in upgrading your classic gear
just sitting around waitinf for raid loots
your like my guildies
i got a guildie who hasnt upgraded any of his classic gear either, finally bought spellstrike pants, he gemmed 5 int green epic from heroic
some ppl man
i doubt you have done heroics for mana etched every day, and dont have mana etched
you probably either passed on it or didnt do the heroic
yea ppl just lying to themselves saying they cant upgrade their Tier 3/naxx gear
being lazy. And then expect same prio on raid loots
lmao
this is what so many locks are doing
just cooked
not putting in effort
yea yea you put in your effort in classsic
thats what they say
thats what they do
im not upset at all
im farming all the locks in my guild that have this mentality
realisitically they didnt put in effort for this classic gear either, they showed up to easy AQ  40 and collected loots
depends on situation
for sure
point is I started as least geared lock and easily became most geared
because of slackers
wasnt even hard
reroll is the goat
how it feel
nothin like a full naxx geared lock w a epic flyer
thinking they getting T4 shoulders
"I put my effort in in vanilla alrgiht"
i deserve prio
lmao
Hannu what
mayb on 16 second maulgars
and evne then fury is winning LOL
hannu

fire farming arcane
arcane in T5 is a whole different story
ok
i didnt read it all
for sure man
arcane will farm everyone
mass fury may or may not happen but I dont really care because my guild will never do that
Ive seen shit get pushed off
wouldnt be surprised if SB min maxed their debuff slots
but Odaal also playing arcane but says fire/arc fire will be meta
think he just trying out arc frost
this week
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/xHFX7kpDwjq61AWV#fight=last&type=auras&spells=debuffs&hostility=1
I count more than 40 debuffs
and some of these apply multiple per user
Has anyone tested
if multiple ranks of ISB
can be on a target
at once
i mean points
of ISB
like a 4 point ISB
and a 5 point
like do they stack
yes
alot of those things are stacking
diff ranks of lifebloom
etc
@jpaint Can you have multiple ISB of diff ranked talents on the boss
and would this even be worth
fair enough but mayb they say "deep wounds > immolate "
idk
immo is cast deep wounds is free dmg
idk
wouldnt put it past SB to have already sweated out the debuffs
ya
just stop caring about parses
enslave shouldnt be required to parse
kinda cringe
and thats what it would be
literally using banish to reset the DR on enslave
to parse on X boss in kara
any boss
aids as fuck man
can still abuse the demon dogs to get fast kill times
put demon dogs on moroes, seed the adds
moroes half dead
when adds die
hell yea
ill try to catch a DN stream of kara
for sure
if your DN with fire mage do you cast Corr?
The problem is Quas on mage disc always magically gets lower numbers than we do
but we should probably revise the pin
yea he refuses to go over 5 minute sim, because arcfrost falls off hard to arcfire over 5 min sim
if you ask him
he says he thinks they will regen mana in add phases
so 6 minute sim is not realistic
Yea if you ask him to show the numbers at 6 minutes he starts saying "fights arent PW fights its not realistic"
its not just that either, he uses FULL BIS T5 warlocks to get as much ISB uptime as possible
in order to justify Mage arcfrost at start of phase?
He uses our sim, but uses crit values that warlocks have in full bis
yea we are talking about T5
atm
The pin SHOULD be revised. Saying the "highest simming spec is fire" tilts them.
But
Quas is a slippery snake using cherrypicked numbers too
Top mage in world said arcfire would be meta in T5
so guess we will see
well if your trying to justify arcfrost at the start of a phase, you shouldnt assume warlocks have T5 that will  take literally months to get
Okay so dont go arcfrost for progression is the conclusion you are deriving then
IDK what the meme is that you dont care about dps in progression
but you do for farming and parsing
sounds fucking stupid tbh
????
doing more dmg makes the raid eaasier and faster
lmao
if it is indeed 20 extra dps
but the reality is its way more because said mage doesnt even have his T5 yet, nor his other bis, nor do warlocks have their bis
which is what is required to get his numbers
I know all this
but that doesnt mean mage has their bis 1 week in
nor does it mean locks do
The assumptions of gear, plus assumptions of short enough fights to not cast filler, just make it a dumb analysis if you ask me
if your trying to justify arc frost, use realistic gear, not full bis
if your trying to justify arc frost in full bis
then sure
no you dont
you should be trying to find the crossing point for when a mage should transition to arcane
what kill time, or what shadow dps number is required
and why not arcfire at that point
Like our mage will prolly be arcfrost when he gets 2pce ngl
but
honestly
we should be trying to figure out what is required to switch
not
assuming full bis gear
5 min or less fight
and saying "hey yea everyone play arcfrost arcfire only 20 dps gain or w.e"
based on full bis cherrypicked kill time numbers
I mean, they also said they wouldnt cast fillers in T4
and only the top top guilds have kill times for that
the reason its not 1-6 minutes is because 6 minutes shows the fall off
and he dont wanna show the fall off
a real, honest, analysis, would include a duration of fight that doesnt support arcfrost
not just show the numbers that make it look best
it would include an analysis with more realistic isb uptimes
if he refuses to do 6 min because PW sim is unreasonable, well so is the ISB uptime.
so is assuming we all have 48% crit
and im explaining why the settings he uses are cherry picked to make arcfrost look good
he also uses ISB numbers from us just spamming bolt and doing nothing else btw
I have actually gone through with him and seen his settings and choices
I agree
thats why I said we should probably revise it
and try to do a more thorough honest analaysis
that shows WHEN we think arcfrost is worth
and when it isnt
how many locks in raid
kill time
gear point
I mean Odaal doesnt seem to think its a meme stabile
I mean your right I havent done it myself
but I would be willing to help
yea ngl dont trust shaman discord numbers they are nuts over there
lol
every melee use flamecaps tho kappa
like even if arcfrost is the way for standard comp, its worth finding out if second mage should be arcane or arcfire or something else
its worth finding out how many warlocks would justify it
because ppl will run lock stacks I figure
its just
alot of fucking work
and jpaints sim rapes my PC
Also, just because you get 2 pce T4 funnel, doesnt mean you have nexus key, serpent coil brand, and other big items that make Quass' numbers real
like as soon as arcane starts ooming, arcfire starts getting really good for raid dps
so if you drop even a few bis items off that mage sim, the story wil look alot different I bet
in T4 yes
easily
I guess giga good is subjective
% wise to your raid?
bleh IDK have to sim it and make various assumptions to do so
200 dps per lock ish
the caveat is if you play demo
alot of the gain is reduced
esp in this content
Yep Im not really worried about it
but for the sake of an honest convo with the mages
I will point out the assumptions of Quas numbers and what they really mean
they mean that in full bis and 5 min or less PW fights, arcfrost wins
when locks are spamming bolt
and mage has full raid support
theres also a middle ground where you run one shadow lock and get a major ISB uptime gain
which makes the DPS loss for other fires
far less

I dont see 84% ISB uptime happening
those are his numbers ^
63%
and he uses 49%
for fire
whats our current crit % in raid ?
at these crit values is it even worth to have affliction
all im sayin is im almost full bis, have the perf raid comp, and p sure I dont crit anywhere near 45% in raid
yea so once we all get vash robes and sunking necks we have 45%  crit?
mages pass sunking necks so you can go arcfrost yea?
willl do
ill prolly try to use zephans tho because I cant get paints to work
if I have 45% crit im laughing in either spec
sounds fuckin insane dood
I mean ISB is only  a small piece of the puzzle
but yes obvs if four locks are fire
ISB gonna drop off hard
20% doesnt surprise me at all
tho quas numbers assume more like 35%
also my spriest sucks ass
when we getting these 1200 dps spriests
but ye carry on
25-30 dps is porbably less than it should be
yea im just bitching cause I think my spriest is a dog
and now make 1 lock shadow
dont know how your getting spriest Dps
is it on sheet too
i thoughtyou just filled it in
I literally cant because jpaint sim kills my pc
okay I see I see
no effect
well theres effect if it hits while shadowvuln is on the mob
but doesnt snapshot
ISB is external modifier.
DoTs dont snapshot external modifiers, only internal (like buffs on your toon)
Drain effects do snapshot external mods
so SL snapshots
same
you conflag every time you get knocked around by mag
you conflag during shatter movement
still good for this content
and yea pvp/farming and heroics
yea sweaty raids might sapper a fuck ton on hydross and shit
buyt
I think sweaty raids can do their own sims
cant just assume sappers and shit
for this kinda thing
BIG
big mage mafia leaving out the 0.45
do they perhaps cahnge their rotation a bit to get more when they have scorch
I really dont know about enhance things
just that they gave the number to Ryu I think
I know.
saying stuff like this is why mages hate us
I just want to get some honest numbers
are they tho


spellstrikes a tiny bit better w sockets it looks like
casul
its not really replaced
yea also T5 is by default locks last on prio
you still wait for mage and all hunters
to get it
yes
yea except the mages dont want us to wear the new bloodvine
for 3 phases
yep depends on kill time, number of locks in raid, gear
shadow is cheaper
thats stupid as fuck
what if spriest dies
do you start casting incin?
just be a gangster craft it all
rinse everyone in 5 mans with fire if nothing else
good joke lmao
nah bro your hilarious no problem sick jokes
doesnt show
on WCL
because WCL is scuffed
wat
im on my work PC did I leave wow open last night
and your tryna make fun of me or something
cause your mad I said your joke was bad
I legit dont get it
lul try again
well I used flame cap all gruul mag
and 0 casts
0 buffs
shown
wait so your actually saying to craft shadowweave chest and shoulders for like 1 month of use
because its better for farming
like bro
what the fuck are you on
im just gonna ignore any arguments about fucking farming
I mean thats what I glean from your bullshit
lore argument
farm argument
wont get T4 instantly argument
I bet my seed set is better than any bullshit you got w FSW anyways
isnt the crit boots legit better than 50 SP for seeding
in heroics
and trash
yikes bro
no I just dont think a lore argument and a farm argument and a bullshit heroic argument
are valid
your just an idiot
lets see your seed set
if your talking about heroics
and farming
you have seed set right
you dont use FSW
you use oblivion
otherwise, yes fire owns shadow in heroics
what is the reasonable argument
remind me
shadowweave bis for heroics he says
but its not
shadowweave bis for farm he says
but its not
I addressed your argument retard
you dont wear shadowweave for seeding
news flash
shadowweave is as much a single target DPS set as spellfire is.
in either spec, you swap to oblivion 4pce with more crit
and less hit
for trash and seed
bro his FSW is so good in heroics
trust man
your just ignoring good reasonable arguments
boom theres the reason he salty
he cant afford to play
and pump in this phase
so he wants everyone else to be shadow like his cucked ass
also why he doesnt have a seed set
lmfao
enjoy your FSW farming
ezay thinks that the lore means your should play shadow and also because its better for farming and heroics
and that you should make FSW chest and shoulders
because it might take a while to get T4
He also works 12 hr a day
and makes alot of money
but he works 12 hours a day
nice life
he works 12 hours a day
hes very rich
but look
hes here
right now
on this discord
he had many chances to be reasonable and not a troll
fuck em
i told you oblivion>FSW for seeding, for farming
I dont speedrun
but no theres not enough time to swap back and forth
so it devolves into a question of whether its worth it for the ST dmg vs the trash dmg, how much seeding your actually doing in raid, how much speedup comes from the 15%
probably
if you do huge pulls and aoe cap you dont need to be shadow tho
but how much of the trash are you seeding
because fire is better for STing trash
exactly so we really just dont know
kara seems better to just be shadow
who is speedrunning kara tho
also, if I WAS speedrunning kara, Id spellcleave alot of that shit
and be aoe capped
so yea IDK
a speedrunning guild should plan their pulls and spec accordingly
if you have a 12 warlock stack comp speedrunning and aoe capped
fire good
if you are pulling 8 or less mob trash packs over and over shadow good
but if your chain pullling small packs
why arent you stacking warriors
idk cant answer that question dont know enough about speedrunning SSC
I feel like a full sweaty speedrun of kara would involve pulling full wings and aoeing down, and flamestrike not being AE capped will shine
assuming theres trash reqs
if its trash skip meta
mayb zug stacking or hunt stacking idk
OR have a significant amount of ST
13 k?
or have so many locks aoeing that the trash dies in less seeds
and its not even saving you a seed cast
to have 15% more dmg
as is with a single fire mage I can cast like 2 seeds on a given trash pack
so its not like 15% is speeding me up
its alot of imagining what a speedrun would look like
reality is we dont know
and speedrun guilds gotta figure it out
Yes yoy gear for hit cap cause you cast shadow bolt.
Affliction is more for the improved elements and DE
your better off under hit cap as aff than you are destro
I dont think its toxic to ask ppl to play affliction
Its kinda what TBC is
you want your support specs
our buff stick hasnt really worked on his gear much
so I dont mind him also rotating in on affliction
in theory thats what you SHOULD do
but in practice
I have 150 more spellpower 5% more crit and hit cap
atiesh boy doesnt
lul
i think if you legitimately pass weapons until its optimal for you to drop atiesh
you have a very good case to stay destro
if your tryna never aff but also drop atiesh early
seems kinda monka
no i mean
you take zhardoom AFTER the other locks
is it?
I mean 3 of 40 ppl got to get a atiesh in classic at best right
but hes such a poor guy for not having a weapon
IMO if you took atiesh you knew what you signed up for
you dont just get prio on best weapon because you have atiesh lol
id use it to get prio on skull
like the jump to hyjal / BT weapons is worth just never taking a weap in prev phases for
and then atiesh ppl think they should just get them handed to em, even tho its raid dps nerf
Ideally you get archi sword, not zdoom
but if I had atiesh, I would at least try to use my not taking of weapons to get Skull
not try to take a weapon earlier than needed
weapons are fleeting
skull is forever
even then tho I kinda cringe that the ppl who cried for atiesh in my guild would get auto prioed skull
like atiesh was something they really wanted.
and now they use it to get skull
yea diff situations are different for sure man ^
if I was you id try to argue for skull later on
and be silent about weapons
theres 2 weaps per phase your basically bound to get a weap eventually
but skull.....
right but if your using atiesh your nerfing your own perf
for that of others
you can defs make a case for it
because it drops in same tier your dropping atiesh
cqs macro is beautiful man
put that shit at the end of my consume trinket stack

see how no gap between incin and trink pops?
#showtooltip Icon of the Silver Crescent
/cast Talisman of Ephemeral Power
/cast Zandalarian Hero Charm
/cast Fetish of the Sand Reaver
/cast Icon of the Silver Crescent
/cast Blood Fury
/cast Flame Cap
/cast Destruction Potion
/cast Incinerate
/cqs
heres the macro ^
this is irreplaceable Id argue
simpler example just using mana pot:
#showtooltip
/use Super Mana Potion
/cast Incinerate
/cqs
Yea probably
yea
something like that
:p smarter ppl than me taught me that here
I cant take credit
but its worth mentioning for others from time to time, its pinned in addons and macros
its cancel queued spell
idk how it works really
but in practice
if you spam that
like your queuing a incin
or bolt
no gap
and you pop your trinkets
or your mana pot
or w.e
yea slap /cqs at the bottom
mana pots are often better than destros
sim it
yes it is
so,. on something like mag there is a vuln phase that benefits the destro pot. there is also alot of free life taps during the phase he knocks you around. so mana pot not so good there
but if its static fight, where you will use the mana
and you dont get free taps
mana pot always
go ahead
basically if you have to tap to get the mana from mana pot mana pot beats destro pot (assuming you arent moving while tapping, assuming the taps are a loss of casting time)
outside of vulns
I still find myself tapping alot on gruul when taps arent free
so id say mana pot
also theres fights in kara
where mana pot is good
mana pot sims surprisingly higher than destro pot, like not just a few dps
not on unscorched undebuffed mob
I still wanna know if its worth precasting soulfire before mag vuln
kill HKM first
nothing fancy really
zrg HKM
yea i doubt it
well what if it means your incin will hit 2 seconds into vuln, or your soulfire lands right as vuln starts
I figure if you clip just right and have exactly 6 seconds until vuln starts, you start casting soul fire
but I guess your STILL losing like 2+ incin casts
yea
it seems to time out right if I just doom right away
for the first one
the next one is harder to time
that depends if you ahve ele sham
â€œDoes killing Kara Beast Bosses in Servants Quarters lock you to Karazhan?â€
No, you can farm Kara Beasts for Shadow Wrath infinitely without getting a lockout.
yo
i just saw this spriest disc
yo wtf
so we can just farm the beast boss all day?
I dont know what farming chess event is
guessing its the same?
doesnt give a lockout?
and is that bannable?
is it the exact same type of thing?
go to chess event, kill and reset instance?
im down w that
also ppl in my guild are pretty willing to spend hours farming upgrade for one person
also
alot of classes benefit from beast boss loot
surv hunter wants the of agi pieces
mages still want bracers too
i think theres some decent options for tanks as well
that are comparable to "raid bis"
boomy wants shit
theres more than just shadow wrath drops
melee dps in general want the surv hunter to get the of agi pieces
yea shit is nuts for survival
I trhink beast boss loot is underrated
and unexplored
haha
not atm
maybe some day
we did naxx for one persons MOTC
this weekend
we did AQ for one persons Badge
doing servant is literally tons of loot for tons of ppl
no sadge
next week
it was just fun doing naxx
i been using quags cause MOTC dont hit the adds
but IDK whats actually better
the vuln phases....
if someone farms beast bosses and doesnt get banned LMK low key lol

@Lencovic
pets dont get hit by the mechanics
just melee cant stand on pets
bgem and icon
for the bosses
quags for the seeds
in general if the lock your adding has less crit % than the average crit % of your locks its hurting ISB
otherwise its helping
but its more complex than that
topaz
pilled
yellow = 8 hit 
red = 9 SP
orange  =  4 hit 5 SP

2 orange = 8 hit 10 SP
1 yellow 1 red = 8 hit 9 SP
you pilled?
I meam have you even run the sim yourself
When i simmed it was like 150-200 dps per lock
Not the 75 zephan guesstimated
Yea my friend is so set on only ever casting bolt refuses 4 pce T4
I don get it
I mean I get it he just wants to high roll a parse
But shits so lame
Then you have no arms no surv no aff no boom 2 spriest etc
Also ppl on priv dont typically have gold to shell on spellfire so I think they conveniently avoid thinking about it
Immo still a hot topic bc max parses prolly dont cast it
Bc sbolt is trash
If I had double the crit sbolt would feel like vanilla wbuffs and prolly not so dogshit
Link your biggest bolt


Skill
Those are both bosses that have vulns
But i also flame cap and have scorch
Pi is haste now
No im fire spec
In those
I shill DN but dont play it
Demo time
Sadge
Demo big sad
Criiiinge
Yes
I did a 27k doom on netherspite no succ sac
I still need 2 pce t4
Have none

No succ sac
Meanwhile my casual guild rallied into perfect comp
Peepohappy
Mayb we shoukdnt shame rerollers
Those guys arr actually cringe
We literally have a role on discord to shame warr rerolls w brown names
Yes
Some cringers in lock disc think its funny idk
Aff parsing bro
50
what happened to your brain as a child
improved enslave demon highest kara dps?
ele shams exist
then you go for 16% hit
hit wand and more hit gems sounds better
than using CE ring
no its not
just sounds better im not sure if it is better
uhhh
by getting better gear?
idk how you dont know how to cut half a hit
lowkey if your guild doesnt care enough to even bring a ele shaman
does optimizing your gear even matter
so gem?
to make up
then get better gear
what are st pants
so what shoulders do you have
oblivion spaulders more SP
and then you put blue gem in those over the spellstrike pants
if your sitting on T3 shoulders you didnt look v hard for upgrades
smh so many locks just sitting on their T3
o saph enchant?
yea  ok
I dunno just ge better gear if you have only those gem slots your missing tailor bis
idk if shadow or fire
farm anything
play game
idk how ppl still broke af
gold is easy
same
got mine tho
do you not DE the purples from heroics
free 100 g
but get a DE in yur group
whoever wins roll
gets the DE
you can trade heroic loot
i literally make plenty of gold doing heroics all day
just from DEs
rip
oof
id like it if it felt just  a tad stroner
but I havent played it much at 70
aff is still kinda questionable atm
it sorta depends how many casters you got if its even definitel worth
spriest brings 10% shadow dmg
5% spell dmg
meh 1 week a month or so for 1 raid
dont even need to aff in kara
its chil
i already almost have shadow belt done
for first time i gotta go aff
mana ethced looks pretty sexy

with the spellfire
well thats dumb
its only worth taking if its a raid dps gain
so an optimized comp with what, 4 locks a ele a mage a boomy and a spriest
8 people
getting 2.7% more dmg
so aff has to do at least 78.6% dmg of the destro
for it to even be worth
a standard comp has 4 lock
hence why its marginal
I mean our tank is cutting guardian elixir to use GoA
He prolly dont give a fuck about SE
SE nerfs rage and threat and tank dmg
Yea this another reason aff kinda meme
I wanna see the threat and tank dmg loss from SE
Is it tho
You tap and conflag during knock around
So aff has to do like 79% of destro dps in std comp not counting the dmg / threat loss of SE
We heard you the first time
You can also get a 99 on hkm just by pressing buttons in a normal kill
Well as fire at least loool
Uhh I got what 66 world on mag 17 on netherspite and a buncha top 50 im doing alright
Keep lookin at your server parses lul
He took the bait
What dog server you play on?
That your number 1 at 75?
Lmao foty
Bro shadow is best im #1 on server dont look at the parses ahead of me tho shadow best
I out dmg you on every single fight except hkm because I ripped threat
:)
Yea but your 75 and the best on your server
Your server is dog
The top all star for aff and demo is on my server
Mother fuckers
Ye all stars is meme
Esfand was top all star at one point
Nuff said
Yes
Number 1 for me is  ppfairy and ccree 2
Tough love
affl without casting elements lmao
affli that doesnt cast elements should get invalidated on logs change my mind
i wont
you would do more dmg not casting elements as destro
and having an affliction not  destro cast elements
therefore you are playing for personal dps not raid dps
and when it takes you 6 attempts to kill mag
thats pretty monka
but gz on the parse you still pumped
yikes
its just playing for self gratification on parses while your raid wipes 6 times
kinda cringe
thts basically what I said
lol yea also 2 banish no fear cast
thats pretty fucking cringe
idk man
way more impressed by the guy who was top week 1 who actually elements and banish and fear
its not haters its just true
gets 3 pces of T4 while other locks have none
decides to show up as affli and refuse to elements
or fear
for his own parses
"because im the most geared"
those are all star points LOL
that means its ranked against the spec
by clicking a bit more
Demo/Fire Destro
you could say exact same thing about 25 man parses
id say they mean as much as any other parse
yea I did that
mine do
but thats cause im the leader so I gotta fall on the sword to set good example
ill cast ele tho
its around 250 dps
but with 4 wipes at 2 min or less
your failing the DPS check
on channelers
either from DPS or not banishing
well you casted 2 banish and no fear
im not surprised
all im saying is I remember the guys playing for personal dps while my raid wipes 5 times
mayb your raid dont care
you can see the infernal coming
from the sky
and be ready to cc it
yep
you dodge it while its coming down
2 fears
7 tries
stop.
your not gonna get us to say that playing affliction and not casting ele or fear was a good thing
cause it wasnt
dmg aff isnt a thing lol
your just trying to cheese parse
at your raids expense
exactly
ppl who actually do job as aff and get 99 > ppl who cheese for 100
brb respeccing to support destro
actually I think ill try dmg rainbow spec
it doesnt show up sometimes
for some dumb reason
im trying dmg SL SL in raids
yea ill try it good idea
could be good
ggotta try
he goes away
on beta
I did
o one more thing
I bet that "dmg aff" refused to click
sorry for you if you thought ppl would laud your cheese parse
I heard it shows on Resist's log
spoiler he did a full kara not casting elements too
"just trying it"
oof  you took beam during lust on netherspite and STILL lost to the OTHER affliction that cast COE
also died on gruul
its getting enough points to make it count as affli, probably taking amp curse is enough
and then just playin destro
DN probs parses as affli LOL
sm ds isnt a raid spec
and its dogshit
UA is decent atm
so is felguard
in raid group?
seers signet or archmage viloet signet
idk I have kara ring so I didnt check
time to regem loser
im jk im sure you can figure it out
I currently have similar issue
just got stormcaller
and now I got mana etched 2 pce ungemmed, and it will fix my hit perfectly if I gem
because I dropped hit sword for stormcaller
but I already gemmed the fucking badge helm w CSD
yea seer signet or violet signet
we are doing rep farm/ beast boss farm today
peeepo cozy
watch me yoink fiery wrath bracer
shiiit you scarin me i hope flamecap dont go up
yes
idk about that
someone find a ledge that lets me solo the beast boss
and reset lol
do you ahve a ddead server?
or poppin?
just spent 400 g on flame caps while they still 3 g
mage taking hood of oblivion is pretty troll man
o
why didnt you neeed
because its bis for seed and trash set
youll live to regret that one
the math is so obvious
and yes
seed has a 22% sp coefficient
190 dmg on seed
is like 893 spellpower
too bad
im still farming mine
i have 4 pce but not hood
and i want hood
i got 4 pce in lvling too
o him
yes
this is why you do your own research
and dont rely on websites to tell you how to play game
like fuckin icyveins
imo you wear spellstrike pants
and then you get haste meta gem
if your actually a goat
jesus christ
thats so fucking rude
I do !
i guess it ooms you
but you dont have ruin on seed
hmmm
IV is dogshit
wowhead is better
oops wrong reply
but neither will tell you to farm seed set
thats what your own brain is for
wowhead is wway better in TBC
its been overhauled by good writers
it matters to me because I want my seed to go BRR
also because im fire
I need a trash set pretty bad
it is but it shouldnt be
locks are lazy players
imagine being 10% over hit cap
on all the trash
and thinking thats just min max
yea lol
free 99 just press rune and mana pot
10% over hitcap
is like leaving 10% crit on the table
thats 2 world buffs
for ALL the trash
and noone even thinks about it
even mre impactful
id say
mor crit than SP
and im just doing oblivion for seed
but I also wear my fire gear w less hit more crit in dungeons and raid sometimes
yes
893 spellpower
is 190 dmg on seed explode
cataclysm is dogshit
and you still cast bolt sometimes mayb
like moroes seeding
into SB
debatable
but id say yes
i dont get much mileage from seed on illhoof
stupid fury warrior cleaves all imps
idk anymore having to ahve more blue than yellow gems
is kinda a bitch
so mayb you just use T4 helm
T4 helm is a crit helm after all
I have 1104 firepower and not even close to bis (and 164 hit 18 crit)
never mind the flame cap
man just wants attn
so he can tell us hes 75 in the world on dog server again
!mayhem
I mean when you type like this
you ask for it
learn the lock disc lore
I think im saying fuck it on oblivion helm + haste gem
just gonna use the 4pce I have
and gem a ton of crit
w armor
I need T4 gear I have none sadge
and your crit?
lol you didnt even out dmg my 1 lust mag with 3 lusts
keep trying bro
3 lusts LMAO
how you gonna get 3 lusts and lose to fire locks w 1 lust
and talk any kind of shit
3 lusts 1500 dps
couldnt be me
3 lusts all for vulns
too
mayb next week :Pepeclown:
You dont sb for moroes?
Lol no
You dont seed the trash?
Like lol
Idkman theres trash you should bolt bc next pack is seed like the skeles before opera
i mean if you really wanna respec cata for gruul mag
to do like 3 more dps
go ahead
yea well
id say cata is dumb min max
i imagine you should also SB on maulgar
depending on strat
if your seeding
well technically a speedrun lust seeds it all right
a parse run zergs maul to cheese log
its p good but its not perfect no
dont use it to gem your gear
use 70 upgr
yikes
told you you gotta regem
so you told me you gemmed for bis
and you based it on wowhead
lulw
I highly recommend you run a sim
you WILL learn things
nah cause I only care about fire
ripp
idk if it does
but yea
it says 13% on calulator
yea i mean let this be a lesson
dont trust random lists
run your own sim
zephans setup doesnt ven have epic gems
on wowhead
lulw
theres other good epic gems too
and Ihave all of them ðŸ™‚
theres green gems with 5 hit
that can be bis
depending on setup
always sim
you need 2 blues right
so you can use greens if you need hit

best sim I have seen
no wboss
fire
I havent bothered with shadow
yea you look to be spoonfed info
you get bad info
world boss
also obs use glowing tanzanite over nightseye
in the one I linked
yes
theres a better green that gives stam and hit too
vivid chryophrase?

zephans right
lol
get blamed
yea likke realistically i had completely diff set w diff neck diff cloak
and its 1 dps less
zephan kinda troll not putting bis as the embed setup
and cashing the wowhead check
heh
zephs is one of the best wowheads I think
some others are kinda trolling
I had a spriest wanting all this hit gear because it says its bis
i cracked open 70 upgrades and showed him why its definitey not bis
ppl say its bis for aoe cap
but I dont think it works the way they think it does
I dont seem to get as much proc as I should - need to test it
runes and helthstones
yea thats troll
seems garbo
also I think sometimes my lightning bolt flies at dead mob
and doesnt land
id rather just use the shiffars
and ive had better results using shiffars quags too
I think its actually the former case
I have not seen 1 bolt per seed ever
and I did ALOT of shattered halls spellcleavae
double active trink is underrated
guys
please use the fucking sim
teach yourself
learn
you asking these 1 dimensional questions doesnt help you learn
it really does help to sim
and you wont wind up like surrender not
ppl are scared to sim but zephans is quite user friendly
its not hard
takes 10 min
to actually know your bis
and find your best setup in curr gear
you dont need to ask these questions
half the time ppl give wrong answer anyways
quags isnt that great if your gear isnt bis
or near bis
I am helpin you with these suggestions
sim it yourslef
of course he did
you think we just have every single sim reuslt in our heads?
no
yea zephans doesnt show later phase gems iirc
unless you tick later phase
maybbe it does
12 SP is in game
its from pvp
poor surrender not
well thats not in game
it aint perfect
but its easy enough
what phase is ticked
it actually is fun
and you learn rough estimates for stat wieghts
at the top
so you can judge upgrades for yourself
for instance in bis 1 crit is 0.77 sp
unique
costs honor
like 4k or something
cant remeber
yesw
don julios heart is actually in game right
its a JC only gem
you buy the gem
some gems are soulbound for JC
like don julio
Can we make more noise about mage haste being uncapped
and
the arcanite dragonling being bugged
anyone got blizz friends
they take magic dmg
there were various iterations of nightbane
idk details
I heard the uber hard one on beta was an amalgamation of difficult mechanics across various iterations
it was because of beta
we also thought epic gems wouldnt be unique
holy water still free dps
ally lol
something like that yea
alot of it is fucky
they kinda pick and chose the items that are in
yes
google
its actually a spec too
destro nightfall
which is confusing for many
he comes back to fix even after cashing the check
what a bro
no epic gems
Id say you should use epic gems
I just glanced
hmm interesting ok
id say a epic orange gem in spellstrike legs is pretty safe
so is a 12 SP
its worth it for just yourself im p sure
mayb if your tank is weak
never seen tank get close to globalled
that doesnt even kill my bear
so does curse of weakness on any boss that isnt demoed
like
if you dont need it you dont need it
go ahead and use it if you think you do
(he is the bear)
cringe
brag
smh warriors man
still chasing their parse dreams
still failing sunders
still not demo
yea
we been 2 healing but its just becoming so easy
we just stand still on aran behind the books
so dont get sucked in
and eat the blizz
and aoe healing just carries
it makes game fun for healers
in b4 curse of reck and no demo
prots mit less than bears currently
at least at low gear
idk if the gap closes at end of phase when they get gear
thats the copium ive heard at least
ye
Log end
Thats a constant in every expac. Dogshit tanks
Problem w tank is you mever get to see pthers tank and learn
Have to do research outside pf gane
Also no good feedback. No dps meter to show how shit you tank
Meh I have fine pugs
Mayb you tha problem kekw
Yes tanks are supposed to lead the group
But they just refuse to mark packs and expect randoms to know how they tank
In a dungeon it is
sounds like bis speedrun strat to me tbh
doesnt sound cheese at all
zerging the boss is straight cheese
alot of ppl  dont understand netherspite
fight requires almost 0 healing
just heal blue beam
only need 2 dps to cover blue
been killing beast boss for hours

show these to your tank
he might want to kill beast boss too :p
lowkey I think 3 locks could sole this w enslaves
apparently it was
in OG TBC
idk
works like this on retail too
idk apparently ppl been doing this since week 1
and no bans
it was on beta too
doesnt show as buff
doesnt show as cast
yes there is
theres plenty of shame
shame shame shame
eh living rubies are pretty wild
but I shame warlocks on who sit on T3 head and expect prio on T4 helm
???
badge helm
oblivion helm
Mana etched crown
if you dont have a meta gem helm
your just not playing
badge helm at the very least
you have to meta gem your helm, so the T4 helm drops
thats the ritual
idk so many locks think their naxx gear is "good enough"
and not gemming prebis
i know I said that
yea idk why you would even need to living ruby unless you have amazing hit gear
I have 4 different meta gem helms tho
like
and I have the maghari ritualist
ppl dont play the game i swear
i work 40 hours a week
that ppl are super lazy about their prebis and its pretty lame
because they have naxx gear
mage.
and yea, it could be 2 months or more before you see T4 helm
we have seen 0 drop across 3 groups doing kara every lockout
at this rate
our locks are waiting 3 months to all have helm
and some are just sitting on T3?
well Id say give the T4 to ppl putting in effort
a fire mage wants spellstrike but its basically same as T4
a arcane defs wants T4
well if you gonna shit on mages for not crafting spellstrike hood, you better at least be fucking meta gemming your helm
not sitting on T3

badge of justice helm?
this
the point isnt about fucking mage t4
its about how slack ppl are about upgrading gear
sitting on T3 helm is one example
but they sit on T3 chest too
they sit on all sorts of gear that has a plethora of uupgrades
sounds like your just one of the ppl not being the best they can be in raid
waiting for raid loots.
ngl
what are you spending your time on anyways like I said I got all the prebis and I work 40 hours a week
farming primal fires for your epic mount?
yea again if you dont got that
idk what your doing
agreed
but we got shadow locks
with 1 tailoring piece
or 2
and sitting on their classic gear
waiting for raid loot
its very common from logs I see
and from attitudes I see here
lmao
this is exactly what I mean
farming prebis
is somehow
meme?
I mean your overexaggerating my point
if you arent working to improve yourself outside of raid
you dont desrve improvements from the raid
i just hear excuses to not do what you should
thats fine if your actually leveling alts to do splits and thats taking all your time
but I wager a ton of ppl are doing same lazy shit as locks in my guild
and they arent leveling alts for splits
I mean im confused foty you literlaly are not doing what Im talking about, you have metagemmed oblivion because you care
and then say you shouldnt care?
ah
you still have gemmed auchenai anchorite
you still are using JC necks....
your still trying in raidd
thats all im talking about
im not saying everyone needs to be full prebis
I literally dont
EXACTLY
tho fotys playin fire apparently w no spellfire
slightly disappointed
ooooo
im not losing my shit
im saying ppl are slacking
and shouldnt slack
just clearly not putting any effort into improving their char from their naxx gear
not bothering to gem / enchant in at least a reasonable way
yea depends what those other things are
is it crafting a helicopter or leveling alt for splits?
yea...
everyone thinks im this extremist psycho I dont expect full god gemmed prebis
I expect effort
a semblance of effort
not ignorance that your classic gear is fine
dragon bugged bro
dragon dont do shit
how??
24 spell power or engi bombs?
dragonling worked very consistently for me in naxx.
and now it doesnt work at all
ever.
its stupid as fuck
do the goggles actually make engi good in P2
i aint a fan of leveling enchanting if I dont ahve to
what does this mean
yea like aoe cap is a bitch and sapper isnt capped
I could see it being kinda sick
having a raid of sappers
loool
I mean my seed dont do shit on Aoe cap
compared to a sapper
enchanitng you mean
yea I dont trust him much at all
I could see bombs being alot more useful than 24 SP
yep
not metagemming your helm is giving up probably  just as big an upgrade as it would be to upgrade said helm to T4
SE is good until it isnt
idk affli needs to be performing to make affli good outside of SE for prog id say
affli needs to be doing about 80% of destro dps to be raid dps gain
SE sure is good for progression
and 80% is only like the "barely a gain" point
I dont see many afflis pulling 80% of a destro
thats true makes it tough to just say 80%
mayb its around 70% since they in off group
lol most destros aint running CSD atm
they run fuckin T3 helm dogshit
if you kill all the adds in 2 minutes
it doesnt even matter how you cleave P1
right?
is that true?
I thought it was timed?
i never even said shit about full prebis
I said put in effort
smh
yes
but they still need to be hitting liike 70% of a destro to be worth
its just a matter of judging the situation
not every 3 pack dies too fast
Yup
You literally can search for an item on wcl
why man just why
FG is gonna do more dmg than you meleeing
....
no shit your not tryna be optimal
but melee lock isnt even gonna be fuckin viable
its trolling
ive seen good feral dps lol
your not gonna do good feral dps levels
meleeing
as a warlock
im sorry
man some ppl
just wanna be special snowflakes
at the expense of everyone around them
your like that guy who plays jungle heimerdinger and insists his team is trolling him
your disclaimer was fair but
man why
lock tank is a better meme
than lock melee
its not like making a SP hunter
like what are you just gonna sit with 9% miss on your melee attacks
or are you gonna gear for hit
in cloth
and AP?
and Crit?
I dunno I am asking you you think I fuckin TC this garbage
procs but you have no instant attack
so your just sitting there swinging 1h weapon hopin to proc
your like a retarded ret paladin
spriest group ideally
no innervate
just spriest
destro nightfall
shadowfury and nightfall basically
yea same
assuming fire mage at least
hunters should beat ele
uhh
no its not
those hunters are probs garbage
trying to spec affliction w malediction and SE but also a pvp spec
is hard
Yo how hard is it going to be to get boots and belt of blasting
the vortexes are hella contested right
by ppl for like bis weapons
kara quest chain gives purple gem
charlottes ivy looks pretty shit
just farm rep and heroics for better gear
theres a orange crit gem from pvp I think
you could use in a seed set
thjink thats about it outside of heroic gems
yes
well
idk doesnt really matter
probably just rotate
I think you could argue FG doom does more dmg
I look at top fire parse and top arcane parse
see they are super fuckin close
also I bribe them with big arcane prios
in the future
kekw
I dont like forcing ppl to play specs
but taking the ppl who are willing to do whats best for raid
im about that
because pvp spec
and garm spec
farm*
frost is coziest spec to be outside of raid
but hey man if you gonna show up as pvp spec and then expect tons of loot prio for arcane in T5
sounds fuckin troll to me
thats just easily disrpoven
frost is less dps than fire
without the buff to raid
shows clearly on logs
on sims
etc
bullshit
thats a tougher cookie to crack
I kinda accept that my mage will be arc frost
and I will swap off fire
in lT5
but theres still probably argument for arcfire
how many mages do you have tho
you cant really support a buncha arc frost mages
one will have to play fire
its questionable
its debatable
we have to see the content really to know
if arc frost can pump
or not
the pin is
debatable
the pin needs revision if your gonna try to convince mages Id say
opening with "mage best simming spec is fire" makes them not listen to it at all
yea thatts not how you get them to listen
mages have sims
pretty nice sims
you have to actually try to be objective
but yo if your taking multi mages I think one of them isnt gonna be arc frost
I know enough to make a webapp sim but not enough to make it run smooth and shit
i feel like if I tried it would be so clunk
also I really cba to do that shit on the side of my job
and yea the amount of shit you guys already put into sim is daunting
wrangling all that data
switching items by phases
coloring gems by color
in the text
its just alot of shit man
i thin ppl overestimate webapps difficulty my experience is its some of the easiest dev
everything is googleable
o for sure
the sim is a beast man
i defs do
I hate excel programming shit
idk much about google app
probably at least a bit better
on pw too where you dont even get free taps
like you do on mag
god dammit
use brains
because
adding a second shadow bolt provider
is a significant increase in ISB
for your aff lock
and spriest
adding more after that is diminishing returns
ngl I tihnk affliction isnt worth
and it wont last into T5
and that means you dont benefit the aff by running a shadow
yes
what else would I be talking about
SE is good for prog
but not for farm
yea
so
its 2.7% per caster for malediction
standard comp has what 8 casters that benefit?
that means you need to be doing about 78.4% of a destro
as affliction
for it to be worth
now you dont have the pumper group helping you
so mayb its more like 70%
I think the longer game goes
the gap will be more pronounced
this is also assuming every single caster pumps like a destro
which they dont
ooo boomy doesnt benefit?
or your running 4 lock no boomy?
yea boomy benefits
yup yup
right so your using all these debuff slots too for 10 dps gain
and thats just gonna diminish in later phases
SE for your first kill seems worth
helps w prog
but once your tanks have some gear its a joke
id argue that its actually hurting your tanks rage at some point
and hurting threat cieling/tank dmg
yea I think unless you got pumper gear w CSD and decent crit id rather run UA
esp since you can multi dot this content
gemming for MSD is so fucked man
im doing seed set just gonna use my CSD helm tho
imagine using D runes
and not flame cap
tru
felguard is lame
but the demo dog in kara
he fucks
he fucks big time
which imp?
the one before illhoof?
ruination first ofc
ruination isnt replaced by raid weap
mages have a whole channel to talk about pveing as frost
we can have DN
okay?
yea COR is even more worth on shade....
it has a landing animation
its pretty pog
the true sweat is dropping tailoring not engi
in T5
and having both ench AND engi goggles
yea we did naxx and AQ
was fun
seedinog everything that used to be scary
i mean its all releative
its like the worst spec no?
shadow destro < demo < fire
yea thats what I means
is there ever a raid where shadow destro beats demo
does it depend on your raid
or just your personal prefs
I mean in T4 content ofc
practical gameplay
lol
wot
if it drops below 2k ill hit it
bowiz got that style
gotta flex on stormcaller bros
whats this
is  that gear better than oblivion
is oblivion a trap
oblivion sims better right?
fire locks can do same dmg right
like
why do you think that
you sac succ
put on seed set
whats the difference
who the fuck links unenchanted gear
it wont be that much behind
you basically lose 15% shadow or fie damage
and gain nightfall
you lose ST dps
for AOE burst
and control
which is good in kara
but kinda useless in 25 mans
you aslo gain an imp
so you can bring imp buff and get some dps from imp if you keep it alive
its kara/heroic spec
right
its probably like 10% dps behind if your imp doesnt pump
night n day
fg in heoics is kinda dogshit
DN is the GOAT
you also get threat reduc on aff spells so you can seed more freely
in heroic
and you arent penalized for having CC pet out
like other specs are
and ofc shadowfury
wtf is that interaction
how does imp buff demos
lmao
ok
yea
so a nice 8 SP buff for your demos
BIG
chain sfurys and kill all channelers
when one dies you chain the SFs so they can never cast volley
and easy clap
its a pet spec so it has merits on gruul silence
reverberation prolly doesnt hit pets
I can always shill DN
try me
imp but really any of them
if imp gets silenced
use another
pets dont get caved in
put pet alone
in room
and hes fine
yes
so does BM hunter buff tho
3% per BM
3% dmg
the 4 ele shaman dream
they dont even need hit from gear at that point
still waiting for someone to test if 2 diff ranks of ISB can be on target
ive seen 2 faerie fires on target now
Ty
Still tho beta kinda sketch
Sounds like ele sham
Actually hate running w eles
But I cant say it because I need them
Rip your seed mob out of pack w chain lightning
Talisman of Kalecgos = seed bis OH?
Its a WIP
CURSE OF DOOM
dont use the hit one
wrong
mayb in bad gear
actually idk
mayb if you got a ton of good crit gear from raid
hmmm
3 living ruby = 27 spellpower
hit enchant = 15 hit

3 veiled topaz = 15 spellpower, 12 hit
glove enchant = 20 spellpwer
think you may have fucked up
what is?
rip
nope
o fck bro
I think I had that

I actually meant talisman of nightbane
not the arcane trinket tho
but your rough
oblivion still bis for seed set over like T4 or some other crit gear yea?

even bought the 10 crit pvp gem

need heroic crit gems
yea ok
I need a crit cloak
and neck
yea
just need drop
tmrw I have ele sham spriest AND fire mage in kara
and 3 shamans.
we finna get wild
got me one of thse

and necks for the party
man I shoulda restored torc of sethekk in that restore
o well
negative
ill get the crit neck eventually off prince
is ok
ooo i can go get the badge cloak tho
yes
im gettin there

just a tad too much hit
the crit neck will be nice
and yea clearly oblivion head setup is better
dominion?
fuckin
might have vendored that too

wait bro
your wrong
my crit went down
archmage is better
because of the int.
@Maou
you owe me 30 g
think that depends on how much hit you need
yea it is and i vendored and wasted my restore, coulda got torc too
gg
Yes it is
yea
1.88 on my sim
but I just seem to end up in best situation with hit on gear
I get that
but that doesnt mean that the best possible set uses the enchant.
yes
1.88 sp for 1 hit rating below cap
0.77 sp for 1 crit rating
in bis

best i have seen without wboss loots
or beast boss loots
weights at the top
srry 0.74
the trouble is that some items are just better weighted in their hit versions
like ruby drape is better value than crit cloak it seems
Band of Crimson Fury
Tirisfal Wand
so when I swap into crit heavy sets that rely more on hit rating from gem/chants, I dont end up in a better spot
but I did NOT try a set using hit glove enchant and more crit gear
ill try some time
you cant always get RAW SP in exchange for hit in gearing
you usually get crit in exchange
which fucks it up
@Madox
just always crit
with no crit rating
Like gems you can ACTUALLY trade hit for spell power at a good valuation
9 sp for 8 hit
thats a better valuation
than 20 SP for 15 hit
so you should gem over enchant.
yea mayb
8 hit gem is like not supposoed to be in game or something
which might be why some remember using red gems mainly
^
well you dont WANT to be using scryer gem
you want icon eye
or icon motc
if you rely on scryer for hit
you cant swap MOTC
zephans
on #simulations
heard that about essence but dont have it
do have eye so
we gucci
since hit gems value out so good, I dont have ANY spellpower reds in my bis setup on sim
except the pvp
haha
there another lock in my guild who did same thing w reds dont worry
it kinda surprises me that the setup that simmed best only hit 163 hit rating
perhaps theres a better set yet...
get on there and beat my set pls
im go to bed
tag me if you do
!dn
Destro Nightfall if not trolling
Shadowfury + Nightfall basically
trash / heroic killing spec
I think you can run DN and cast fire spells
in fact that is the intended playstyle I think
and then obvs swap to seed set on trash
because you would use an imp
and it would benefit from scorch
shadow would be better for nightfall procs, but that doesnt beat the overall power of fire vs shadow
How can you think that
If your fire dn your weaving bolts into incins
Like a gangster
Eh have you seen how good 2 pce t4 w spellfire looks
You look insane w the spellfire + vw helm + void effect on body + lightning shoulders
T4 chest just looks bland
You want 1 bc it buffs your raid
But we are slowly moving to thinking aff not worth
Unless you need SE for prog
2.7% on 8 casters means aff needs to bring 78% of destro dps to even make a dps gain
Just use jc necks top parsers dont even seem to be using
Got mine alrdy
Tmrw  I got raid w 3 shaman ele spriest fire mage kara
I have more fun in kara than the 30 minutes of 25 mans
Not all about the flex
2+ fires prob
But you can do 1 aff 1 shadow rest fire seems bis
Yea idk if thats changed
Ooo
Yea
I like critting for 16k on vulns
But yes demo is p good
Dont think its better on mag cause vulns
P sure logs agree
Is it?
Yea destro win
No
You need scorch
Unless you dont gave spriest
Yea so you play shadow/ demo w just spriest
No fire
Yep
Good raid beats lust cheesing in bad raid
Mayhem malding
@Mayhem
Yo do hunters actually beat us on extended ST or not
Cant tell cause the fights are fucked for caster
But lock top on prince and maulgar
Well why dont they top prince
Seems like they only win cayse 3x bm buffs
What if I had 3x bm buffs
So they win cause of their support npt on their own ST dps
Is what im hearing
What if I get vates and PI
And like triple ele group or bm
Like the meta makes them  win
But when we in 10 man on prince they lose?
At least atm
Well thats just the game then
If they only win cause of bm buffs
Then they dont win
If I win w 4 ele group
Hey man im just curious
Idk why I bother you so much
You can always just fuck off
Boomys stack too ?
Dam
Yea....
Paint might be troll me
Lol
Stop baiting me
Also you said ele is 5%  and boomy is less
Hes trolling you lose all buffs have to resumm pet
Might as well have tapped
Its a way to beat threat cap tho
Die
Ss
Theres many
No you dont
Pillar near ele
Bis
Hmm i thought that twins just trolling me
Sounds right tho
You ever see that legendary caster trinket from cthun that didn't make it in game
Makes you pump after death

The piercing eye of the abyss
Almost like they wanted ignite mages to suicide
Idk what that is
But something retail?
I see yea
Im thinking now that maybe the 12 sp gem isnt bis
If 8 hit in game
And hit is 1.88 sp
Nah probably not
But tmrw ill sim
Maybe i can get a set to hit 164 hit exactly by cutting the 12 sp gem
And it wins over my prev result
Is my thought
Rubies are str too
And bis for spriests
Rubies are  bis for alot of classes i think
Or at least advertised to be
It snapshots drain effects
Other dots dont snapshot debuffs
But drains do
Have to delete
Yea
Not a big d  tho just socket spellstrike
Im only lock tmrw Kara w ele resto sham spriest fire mage grouo
Kinda insane
Mana tide double lust
Lol
Wtf sky
This IS the even loot split
Farm quags eye and DE
Should not have taken it
Its best for spriest
Everyone else is retarded
Or mayb prot pala
Seed bis
Clout
Full of shit
Mage disc says garbo mage sim says garbo
Your not supposed to be casting fillers as arcane
If you are
You should be fire
Yea he shouldnt be arcane exactly
You gave bis spriest trinket to someome who forces arcane without spriest
Its w e shit trinket
But fuck mages
Lol
I mean hes arcane w no spriest
But yea ppl can be coool
Outside of their dumb decisions
Whats good damage
1.1k dps?
He did 1k dps I mean... Your right it doesnt matter but man should be fire and shouldn't use  that trinket. Just wear more spirit / gem int /  violet eye trinket
Aran trinket
Im not i said it doesnt matter
Yes
But hey its probably better for him to itemize to not cast fillers than to itemize to make his fillers buff him
Still tho noone ekse to take it so nbd
Yea
Are you even trying if you dont have these in bag
1 minute before the nova goes out
Its like AS soon as he spawns
from what I see on logs
and if your late by even a bit you prolly miss
but kinda depends how you click
are you clicking during channel or cast
no
i mean
do you click when hes casting the nova , or when hes channeling it
if you delay a bit by interrupting the channel not the cast
makes an easier window
jade pendant of blasting
more SP
dont use pawn use a sim to figure out upgrades
#simulations
you can sure
but you might be mislead tbh
weights from sim say hit good
hit might not be good
if capped
I dont know retail
I dont know Pawn well either
but I just know that if you have arbitrary stat wieghts, you will end up over hit cap if you follow them blindly
no simC for classsic afaik
how does DN require immolate any more than any other spec...
i mean you can do that in whatever spec
but its not the best simming rotation
every spec casts immolate....
play fire so you dont have to wonder if you should cast immolate or chase RNG parses spamming bolt
spamming bolt hoping for crits to parse is degen tbh its playing for your personal glory at the expense of raid
the cost to the raid is that you arent doing optimal rotation on average
and yes
you are doing less dmg than you should
hoping one of these weeks you crit a fuck ton
and its worth
yikes
clown spec engage
playing for the fun not loot farming to speedrun old content kappa
SL SM I would say
so that anyone who crosses your path just walks away
Anything special about maulgar zerg strats?
just kill boss 4head or do you have to do anything special?
also, any  strats around seeding over straight ST on maulgar? We are lock heavy hunter light
thats cringe
imagine not seeding all the adds after maul death
doesnt the parse just end when maulgar dies
running out of instance is just to dodge
killing
yes
who is skull?
and why did the nuke him before maulgar
surely you just nuke maul
hes a healer
so mayb you need to kick heals to kill maul
yep
3 kicks on healer
kill boss
hardly matters
they have it in for cleave
but yea I guess min max is resto kick ofc
could get resist tho
thats no fun
yes
i did it a bit early tho 42 stacks out of 52
i think it was like 44 stacks max
i hit a 27k doom with imp sacced
no succ sacc
id res drape helm
i guess boots no alternative
just not much competiton on boots generally
no no no
dont take dagger from spriest/ele
dont get overley concerned about T4 weapons
your a terrible person.
do you realise they dont get another weapon until like BT
and you have like a better weapon this phase, and every raid from now on
yea you give locks bad name
he buffs your party retard
and your entire raid
you dont take dagger
If you think dn is a meme your probably a meme
Hannu catnip meme anyone
40 is my go to
Shards
Kekw 24 slot
Not even. DN can win overall on trash
DS parse brains
!dn
You have better ping
Bullshit
It batched
instant shadow fury dmg can lead to more trash dps when trash dies in like 5 seconds
like rn my fire mage destroys trash I beary get seeds
it doesnt matter
my fire mage blast waves dragon breath w precast flame strike I get 2 seeds even w precast
shadowfury would be BIG
i would do way more overall dps w DN ngl
shadowfury every 6 seconds > 15% on seed?
if sfury stuns the channelers
stfu fury reroll retard
if sfury stuns channelers, it could be very nice for ahndling the logisitics of kicks when trying to full AE channelers
honestly overall raid dps > single target boss dps
and DN DOES win on trash if theres enough AE
i doubt it will be meta
it doesnt mean we cant talk about it
like why are you this fucking lame
who hurt you
ye
dont ever talk about shadow destro pls
its  ameme spec
like its so dumb will never be meta
is that even true
cant like all of kara be stunned
25 mans are memes
its fucking ony 2.0
you fucking speccing for ony?
yea yall min maxing your gruuls
when should be min maxing your heroics
based kenneth
never forget
and best burst is DN
DN has threat reduc on seed AND shadowfury
best way to kill heroics is DN , EASILY
have you even ilived if you arent blowing up seeds w nightfall procs
fire destros good too but DN is strictly better on heroics and kara trash for sure
its also more burst for the channelers even if it doesnt stun tbh
goggle bb
why

this is a relic from FC discord
im srry
but wheres the goggles
fire is defs on menu in T5 if we metaing affli out of raid
if theres no affli to lose dps cause of ISB
fire is back in business big time
fug em
then the mages will calc how much mana lost from spriuest dps
and then
we have to start calcing whether they even deserve innervates
yea I figured
but we do need someone to champion this on our side
theres no shot you ever get T5 before mage hunter
and you shouldnt cry about it
focus on the gear that matters
thats what the mages post
I have written many counter arguments
1. Quas uses locks that only spam bolts to max out ISB uptime
2. Hes uses FULL BIS T5 crit values to increase ISB uptime
3. He cherry picks kill times right before arc frost falls the fuck off
4. Affliction is a dying spec, needs reivison
5. He is a piece of shit snake mage
6. he blue parses
7. He still plays fire in a raid of shadow locks
8. it really does depend on the content and the kill time to be quite honest I think
if your a pumper guild and arcane is destroying
arc frost might be the play
9. Odaal of salad bakers says arc fire will be meta tho and hes top mage game
I do kinda beleive that top guilds will get boss kill times that justify arc frost
but I also kinda believe that they will run 12 lock and a fire
we talk it to death every day
theres a pin about affli dmg gain now
you can calc it yourself
2.7 % ddmg on 8 caster means affli needs 80% of destro dps to be viable
and even then
its using debuff slots for tiny gains
shadow embrace is nice for prog
unnecessary for farm
multi dotting helps affli dps but can be considered suboptimal vs single target focus fire
mayb, or mayb the gap between affli and others just widens
isnt it still alwaysa a question of aff dps vs destro
well yea because of this maybe you call it 70% for 8 caster
needs to be 70% of destro dps
why fuck would you put affli in that group
unless you have double ele
o sp totem ofc
wtf
I mean we run it in spriest gorup and he still dosnt do 70% of a destro
not full FSW
just boot
i mean yea we can wait and see
but I expect as crit goes up gap just widens
no shhit thanks hannu
i didnt realise this
this was not somethnig I consdiered
id just wanna see a real nice honest clean analysis of the specs, what kiltimes make arc frost worth, etc
how many locks needed
dont need toxic biased analysis to combat toxic biased analysis
disagree
good faith conversations can exist
yea so if they can last through the fight no fillers its p good
we havent seen the content
we dont know the kill times
stop dredging the convo
do the analysis or just drop it
get a scorch bot or dont
right now,haste is uncapped and can go under 1 s
arc stands to be quite strong
if they have kill time
we need to get blizz to fix haste bug
have you been to the hunter discord. They dont even shill for prio on DST. they are the most tame ppl I have ever met. Try not to be terrible towards mages even if they are terrible to us
be the change
you want to see
meh some mages are based some are dumb
way it is
filter out the bullshit
make fun of quas parses
he tilts hard
Odaal saying arc fire would be meta is godd send
hes basically the god mage
and he said it
chaotic almost cried

pin this
lol
i doubt thats what odaal meant tbh
it was in context of scorch bad
blade of wiz 1600 g
do I take it
is it seed bis
no troll just answer
is it seed bis
just answer no troll
cheese wiz all the way baby
sold for 1500 to yo boy
yea we got dat drip baby
i sold a staff of natural fury yesterday for 2k so.....

whos your daddy
man
true fire lcok bis
looks so good
are you even a firelock if your sword isnt on fire

the way that fire shines on the spellfire set
its nott
ill actually be putting soulfrost on it when I do get a better weap
its just spellpow for now
cause seed
yea know
well ill use for seed set w soulfrost
and then have a fire weapon
but yea sunfire is 3 dps gain on sim
p cringe
it is but tiny
gbank will soon have tons of free voids and ench will be easy tho
hannu says t4 helm spellfire golve
k
does this flamin bad boy have a ICD

are you even a fire lock
if you dont
whats ICD
i fuck w it
and does seed increase proc chance
from multi targ
ok
can I fish it before a pull
w hellfire
or mayb just tagging some critters
w curses
spam curse of reck on critter
wait I probably have to use dmging spell right
cant just proc it w curse of ele spam
on critter
yea i know
kinda meme but
imma just proc and pull w seed and yell at palaa
loool
fetish
but hey
its worth the meme at least once
no
you can
quags just isnt poppable
lol your cooked bro
you need to use cqs macro tho
add /cast incinerate
/cqs
to the bottom
or bolt if your noob specced
thank me later
do what I said then
you dont need to understand
just do
this is what cqs does
you can add modifiers
to make it cast diff spells
someone had it posted yesterday
yea i ahve one
and i delete the n from destro potion if its not a destro fight
its not bad
I have one for mana
one for all others
and optional destro pot by deleting the N
something like that
just make your trinket macro have cqs
and a cast
yes
no  add incinerate befor cqs
supposed to be bis for aoe cap
in practice it seems dogshit
idk why
In practice shiffars feels just better than tlc but need to test mechanics more scientifically
I got it cause it drop 2x in a row 2 lock no ele sham
yea
no reason to take just for AE cap tbh
and honestly, usually I use it say in shattered halls
and I get 1 fucking bolt
or zero
I suspect that its shooting the bolt to nearest target, but nearest target is dead
OR that its just not getting charges the way ppl think it does
1 charge per seed or some bnullshit
I have never seen any significant DPS from it
like 1 bolt at best
then i swap shiffers and get notable gains
yea...
crit just better at that point id say
ye
mayb if you spam seed on ST
you can get 3 charges relibably on 3 seeds
like
fury blowing up seeds or w.e
ah
sounds like this is a sadge for eles too
cant just turbo charge it with CL
thy can guarantee crits
so they can kinda contriol it and have it pop on their icon
is my understanding
yea so fish 2 stacks
go ham
they gear crit more too
but yea
i think its perhaps quite overrated
cant check banend from shaman disc
i mean fish 2 stacks
over a while
and then guarantee 1 crit
with icon
tell them to unban me
all I did was shill for totem twisting
and their parsebrains banned me
Hes VERY familiar with DN
If you catch my drift
Its hard till it's not
probs a netherspite
i got 14th world kara parse ayy
it kinda is
that was way too easy i played like shit
all group comp

Theres safe spots
yea lool i bet arcane pumps there
https://imgur.com/a/qEIFRrT
@Shaggydaggy
click it dude
theres like 10 spots
in the imgur
@Shaggydaggy
blade of wizardry feels amzing
it only sims 15 dps higher on ST than stormcaller
but hell it feels good
seed set felt great too
yea its kinda wack how sad resto sham is atm
basically to healing parse
be w resto shaman
as druid or priest
in kara
lol

priest in our raid did literally the same healing as them too combined
yea sadge
its just the way our signups went
had to put 3 shamans here
got top server parse tho ayy
even w 3 healer
cause 2x lust
yea
99 on shade
with 2 restos LOL
we just stand still in the blizzard
we stand behind those books that make it so you dont get pulled in
and we just stand still
yea
and aoe heal
its the play
just lust the boss down
stand behind the books
all stack to aoe heal it
literally when you walk in room
theres a stack of books
right to your right
in front of you
if you stand behind them
yes
they make it so he doesnt suck you in
but dont los your casts
they block you basically
theres actualy multiple books in room
that do this
but we stack for the aoe healing
Raw of Agi for survival should be noted
also of the champioon plate is pretty good
Id say the of agi raw for survival is really BIG, its buffing all phys dps
of agility
yea
idk the average isnt really much higher than fire mage***
just the max
its very simple
if its fast fight
with support
they do good
otherwise no
max parse kara still really close arc and fire
with destro stil on top
and it is a fire lock on top
arcane is kinda fucking insane in the short fights tho thats for sure
netherspite  parse is nutty
I capped out at 4.8k end of beam phase
the mage did 7k wild
had good crit RNG too
i fucked up i guess
didnt pop trinket at the end of beam
I coulda pushed even higher probs w trinket
dw Ill save fire locks and get a 7k fire lock netherspite
gimme a few weeks
yea
we all splitting but well do a stacked comp run soon
Wtf why
Blehh
Just tell him you snapshot doom and hunter pets dont get blue beam boosted
Do you runout
Ye@
You van have reck/ ele up whole time
But honestly that comp arcane takes first beam fully probs
Idk we mix it up for fun
Yea its just sad manl
Like loot splits cool n all
But game should be fun too
I try to shake up who gets beam
Brooch is good hit gloves kinda meh
Ye
The procs w high icds seem to proc almost on cd
Bowiz too
Quags
How do you get such massive dooms but such long kill time
Are you full beam phase
I just dont get how your getting such high number but not killing boss
Oof draining is dumb
Dont drain just get healed
Noome else needs heals
Lol so cooked
My 1 incin was half your doom

Thats also boomer strat
Theres 0 healing required tank heals himself
They just spam on blue beam boy
And you pump
Its negligible damage
Trivial dmg
You jus go in and out of red to full heal so healers can pump on blue  beamer
Sure
Does the debuff stack all of the fight?
Healers  heal the guy at the top of the dps meter from my exp XD
When a mgi imp or DN beats my parses ill respect it
I need to do better 25 man this week we cheesing maulgar
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/6VCxFJgwjY4bhnAQ
because fire is better than shadow
I have honestly just never seen an imp pump as hard as sims say they do
they pump but not as hard as sims say
I really doubt it
yea in like T6
theres no doubt dn better for farm
you get imp drain soul too
but who the fuck cares about farming in pve spec
just respec SL SM
its a cozy spec
I like DN for sure
I just dont think "its better for farming" is a strong selling point
crix has a video now I think
trash
lmao
SL SM dicks all over felguard
soul link shadow mastery
yea kinda
99% of ppl fall over and you still farm like a beast
felguard = banish/fear/w.e the pet and your dicked
also its just not good for farming
rather have SM and siphon life
than a felguard
mayb if the FG held aggro
pure farm still rather have SM SL
than a shit felguard
siphon is nice
depends how often you farm
but yea SL SL is fine too
pet insta healing doesnt matter. Siphon life lets you go forever anyways
the pet doesnt hold aggro
so who cares that he heals
wtf yes I do
I played plenty of felguard
that shit is awful for farming compared to specs that go into affli
even if it did hold aggro, its one mob at a time
just multi dot everything and stay full hp mana forever in specs that go into affliciton
lol i aint arguing this if you think felguard is better for farming your cooked do what you want
lol I have probably played more felguard than you
for farming bro?
are you actually an idiot
nah this guy is an idiot I can already tell
you need armor and resilience for soul link to farm this guys an idiot
who the fuck thinks that
exactly
you destroy felguards if you understand the spec
you cc the felguard
soul link is off and you have nothing
just a shitty cced pet
and for farming it doesnt hold aggro your just farming slow
you jsut run from mob to mob multi dotting and stay full hp cause siphon
mayb your gear is shit or something
so you felguard
but yea Im done arguing this its pve channel not gold farming
but I have.....
your an idiot.
you keep saying I have no experience and making up arguments
your being an idiot
I have no problem saying that
how can the FG ever hold aggro on 4+ multidotted mobs?
your easily just not doing as much dmg as you could, not farming as fast as you could
you dont need something to hold aggro
your literally resource neutral by default
he doesnt ahve the armor bro
take your demo farm theory crafting to tbc-gold-farming channel
only if you have the armor and resil kappa
any spec can tag mobs bro
any spec has a pet
harsenlupin rereoll hunter
affli w imp howl is nice too for farming
either one is good
this channel is on some shit today
mayb he plays on pve server
k well enjoy your playstyle this topic sucks take it to tbc goldfarming
im not aggressive there is a channel for this.
that shits actually sweet
yep
nope
can solo quag as lock
when can I catch mod so I can ban him
no cap check out gold farming channel
if you spam corr will it not tick
im tryna proc blade of wizardry on critters without killing them
im actuallly super interested if theres any solo AoE farms for lock
any ledges you can abuse to kill mass mobs w seed
I think it needs to be really a massive AE farm to be worth it cause its not relaly sutainable
theres definitely fast casts in heroics, but you can tongues
but do you get anything of value there
just boosting ppl I guess?
Cool thing about DN is you can probably react to which 2pce proc you get and either incin or bolt accordingly
seed spam is better than putting immo up
but it depends on fight
depends how your raid does it
you might rip spamming seed off the pull
so you tab some immos / curses
then seed
or mayb your zerging maulgar and just pump him
id spam immo if your doing traditional strategy probs, killing 1 mob at a time then boss
also anything harsen says, do the opposite ofc
just dont cast spells
send felguard in
you dont have the armor for casting spells
behin raid weaps for ST
bis for seed tho
IMO stop fucking antagonizing gandalfs and shaming warrior rerolls with brown names. Stop making this discord a massive meme mods.
shits honestly cringe as fuck
doesnt help us at all
rerolling should be celebrated. Like you want your raid to have 4 warrior dps?
rerolling is often something ppl are doing to help the raid.....
your a meta class now
ppl have to play meta classes
...of the Invoker (11.1% chance)
+22 Intellect , +25 Spell Dam and Healing , +22 Spell Critical Strike Rating
losing 14 spellpower off havok w red gem for 22 spell crit
of the invoker sounds better to me
more int too
lmao once again, this guy crafted spellstrike hood but didnt craft his bis bracers
its a min max discord
just leave please if you want us to not correct your retarded advice
wasting 1000s of gold on spellstrike hood and not having your bis bracers, telling ppl to use quest bracers
you can have an opinion. and I can tell you your opinion is wrong
thats the way the world works.
lol
just makes no sense "the bracer struggle" "crafting spellstrike was easy"
wtf are you on
he just doesnt have a clue what hes talking about
and upset ppl tell him so
struggle is real
khadgar
could use nightbane for seed
but theres a better blue from dungeon
manual of the nethermancer?
not OHB, mechanar
either spec you should have a seed set.

even if your shadow you should have a seed set
running 16% hit on trash when you only need 6%
my set isnet bis
I acutally have the pvp yellow crit gem now
10 crit
in there
yes for single target
easily.
190 on seed explosion is equiv to like 890 spellpower
you run obliv set
and you crit gem
and you cut hit
no idea what the hell you are talking about
you only use it for set bonus for seed
you dont use it for anything else
you need 4/5
best possible is gemmed helm spellstrike legs have a lot of crit
idk maybe theres a better slot to get even more crit tho
MSD gemming is fucked
I kinda doubt it
you have to gem so fucked up
^
thats why it seems fucked up
also I have bis crit boots and spellstrike legs with good gems
it just seems wrong man
yea
I gemmed my obli and badge helm, and then mana etched drop
thats the key
waste gold
and your gear drops
no its better than the helm you spent thousands of gold on actually
srry bro
mana etched 2 pce bis
helm shoulders
with spellfire set
prebis *
spellcloth is 100 g per on my server at least
and primal mights still 100 g too
its thousands of gold
and a waste .
and theres like 3 helms that are just as good/better
I have full spellfire set and bis bracers and blade of wizardry and skyfire gemmed prebis
enjoy your shit helm.
AND  a fully crit gemmed seed set.

yea bro im so poor
poor me
your so mature
just accept you wasted the gold
sunfire isnt there because of seed.
and its 3 dps gain on sim
we still cast doom
eh kinda
I pass alot
I got lucky on first week got neck and cloak
some of our locks in other splits havent hadluck
so I passed them the 25 man loot so far
we will be
I whipped em out for last kara cause I had amazing comp
and all the boys were stoked and are getting them
actually our JC made a bunch for us
cause hes rich
that neck has 1 more hit rating than brooch and perfectly hit caps me
defs should
its good
annyoing part tho
is 1 hr cd
30 m duration
so I still swap it out
doubt it
probably shares cd
could try
so to rotate properly
ppl have to swap which neck they are using
throughout raid
yes
also ofc if you die big sad
yes but youd still use eye of the night ideally
one of you
but the thing is
you need to swap
cause of the cds
idk if they all share cds either
so mayb not
but like if you want max uptime even destros gotta wear twilight owl at least
most run 4 locks
thats standard
3 lock boomy ele
aff in off gorup
mayb yea and cut the affli
same
top dmg on server bb
obvs hunters win on mag gruul
I dont think its by as much as ppl think

max parse destro wins
we have shadow destro polluting us
have to look at max
its the only way
I dunno I just think ppl overrate hunter ST dps vs fire lock
its way closer than ppl think
hunters just are in OP group by default getting 9% bonus dmg 2% crit
not many ppl have boomys
and yea they better for the 25 man content
like look at top prince parses
prince seems like fairest fight to compare on
theres no good fight to compare on in this content really
but prince is decent
ya its 10 mna but still
yea and the top parses have that shit
yes
hunters have to literally change how they play and do roation with lust drums
we just spam a button
most hunters wind up clipping
cause they cant handle it
hunters have a lot of cds to pop in lust window tho
as I undestand
and thats why they win on short fight like maiden
but you look at prince
and story flips
we also can stack a tone of shit in lust too
I think more research needed
blood fury trinket flame cap
destro pot
yea a cd would be neato
thing iss hunter can be orc too
any sliver waitin roomers
sliver is the CD we deserve
they shouldnt even use 1 butt macro as I understand
have you not seen the hunter rotation shit
its actually insane
"the french weave rotation"
"the italian"
@Pluz https://boukx.github.io/rotations/

they have diff rotations for diff haste breakpoints

there was a mecahnic on private called GCD desync that enabled the macro to be optimal as I understand
without the desync that rotation is dead
and so they have these crazy new ones
but I dont think they can be macroed
theres a video of this guy doing the french weave with buttons coming down like guitar hero and through the fire and flames playing
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D7hvj_jko4E
its actually really cool makes me WANT to play hunter
look at him go man
now imagine if he had lust
actually nvm this video is just a loop
my hunter says he french weaves but 85 parses and loses to me while I run across room banishing
im p sure he has no clue
what hes doing
we have the harsenluipin rotation
press whatever button makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside
also send in felguard
they also give 5% spell dmg
10% shadow
5% spell
o i see goose alredy said it

@Pluz
little present for yea

for now weaving is weak
hunter disc agrees
when twinblade comes tho
its got comparable stats to 1hers
and should pump
its also cause weightstones are broken on 1h claws for some reason
dont know details
they just add a ton of dps
ugh ppl are so fucking dumb
other dps have your favorite stat bro
armor
and take far less dmg than us even
mail wearers and plate wearers
dont tell ppl your using demo cause of soul link dmg reduction lmao
the spec takes more dmg because your pet takes dmg too
its a tax on your raid healing, not a boon
alot actually
warrior main in vanilla with pletny of exp tanking
yea because your an idiot that tries to get me by making assumptions about me
yea
but demo takes more dmg in raid than destro
because the pet take dmg too
its not a boon to your raid that you have soul link dmg reduc
its actually a tax on healer mana
lmao
its still not a reason to be demo
in raid
at all
@Pluz
be free
cast fast
idk about you but most raids I seen dont have boomkin
dont have expose armor
theres 25 ret parsers total on Faerlina
my server
so most ppl dont have that
in general, destro relis on like 3 ppl in raid
and demo relies on like 15
its pretty simple.
ok mayb 4
fire mage, ele spriest boomy
I guess ret too
yea
boomys neither tho
was thinking about doing boomy
but tall order to spellfire set again
and spellstrike
mayb guild would pay me
because they need it that bad
buy my set
hmmmm
yea soul link isnt a boon
its just not
your taxing your raid
by having to heal pet
dont get it twiested
thats not what I said
its viable
but its adding a tax to your raid
not helping your raid because you take less damage
it means your pet needs to be healed if your pet dies your spec is ass
it doesnt do anything to help healers
stop typing bullshit
actually
recommended setting for this discord

bye
still salty cause I called you out for camping DMF 20 hrs a day I see leshrac
And most ppl just slap bloodgem on in that situation
Lmao

Simit double active pretty good tho
Please stop answering peoples questions.
I double bolt w nightfall same as backlash
Never saw that in classic
Did you know currently if mage spell steal nightfall they can insta cast fireball for the whole duration
They can spam them
Any tips for leveling enchanting
o nice
@Pluz what about pre-300
mats are expensive as fuck
also is there a weakaura to auto ecnhant item over and over
its a weakaura
?
leveling enchanting is costing all my money and my soul
awful every mat is like 50 silver minimum
gona cost thousands
im kinda broke so its pricy and im only 125
all of these dusts are like 50 s  - 1 g
anyone got tips
anyone got the weakaura
yes
i thought it would be smart to stay engi to mote extract and make gold
but i extracted like 3 motes
fuck it
you got any evidence that arc fire wont be bis?
Othwerwise your just echoing same shit someone says every day
IDK Odaal best mage in game in salad bakers says arc fire will be the meta
im p ready to drop fire for arc frost
but
we'll see
??? I trust Odaal top mage over a fury reroll that says DN is meme
yea the channel sucks these days I agree
boring
Hannu come on bro you dont know any better than anyone else whetther it willl be arc frost or arc fire meta
have you run any sims to prove it
contributed anything?
yea so you just agrressively talk to ppl about your feels
from what I have seen depens on kill times and how many locks you run
and Alar exists
old arguments are old
they also do 7.5k dps on netherspite
kara fast fights well suited to arcane
they are top overall of all classes in kara despite curator
look it up


no its not
its 99th percentile
...
no its not hannu.

95th percentile
THIS is the top guy.
bro I showed you aggregate parses of the 95th percentile
yea
I mean dont use kara to make the arrgument
it makes you look stupid
I do agree kara isnt the argument
well arc frost shits on kara so
you dont want that to be your argument.
trust me
your not outdpsing him
your clowning
your playing with worse dps
so you get more seeds in
your ele sham is lower
many of your dps are lower
anyways
make a better argument
do the sim
do the work
this isnt the argument you want.
lol
your right its pointless
hannu your parses suck btw
:p
leave the poor coper alone
i hope so
but the way to make that happen is to do the work and make an honest analysis of when it is worth
not meme about kara
idk havent looked
you should sim it
just because you get 2% less resists
doesnt mean you have a dps gain
on average
@EzSkillshot
would you wear bloodvine over tailoring bis because it helps you hit cap?
no....
ive spent 500 g so far
and still need way more mats
to even get 300
enchanting
on my server
faerlina
98 s per dream dust
says I need 360
HOWEVER
i had way too much vision dust after i was done with it
i suspect this guide
is like not updated
for TBC
something is different with prof leveling now right
whatever bro 24 sp upgrade
its worth it right
kek
i think i can do brilliant wiz oil at 300
for a good boost
your fucked
25% doesnt magically make it so you have amazing ISB uptime
thats not how math works
25% doesnt mean 1 every 4
you could all crit at same time
yea also raid buffs put you much higher crit
in bis you get like 44% crit in raid
its impossible to achieve 100%

heres a graph
https://tenor.com/view/look-at-this-graph-nickelback-gif-12683147
well it does actually
40% crit gets you to around 80% ish uptime
with 4 destros
its RNG but gaining crit still gains uptime
it just doesnt magically end up at 100
unless you have 100% crit
it didnt tho
we dont accept you if you have less than 25%
cost me roughly 900 g
to go 300 enchanting
fml
not even 360
yes
the mystaical meta gem requirement
means the rest of your gear is dogshit gemmed
and its better anyways
ruin makes CSD scale to 9%
it only sims like 15 dps higher on ST
but its good for seed
ended up costing like 2500 g
to do enchanting
nice fucking game
nice fucking 24 SP
why cant you do dmg
you should only seed illhoof but depending on how much cleave your comp has
you should just pump boss
tbh
seed just gets scuffed if everyone else cleaves them
remeber he has a vuln
after imp dies
so you kill imp fast
always
not like its hard to not clip
@Ryusei https://imgur.com/a/qEIFRrT
its a whole gallery
not just one image
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/pM2GBQqcDK97yTj3#fight=15&view=replay
you can watch this replay
and see the ele sham on rock
never move
this was our first kill dont look at logs lol
think that would depend on your gear and the killl time bro
Does curse of ele double dip on crits
like the undead salying set
that depends completly on your goals
one kills the skull mob faster
one kills all the mobs faster
and seed spam on the main target does even mroe dps than either
of the options
Well unfortunately these two things do not add up
you either kill the boss
or you chase the parse
spoiler some of the top kills are still just zerging the boss down
and defs not dotting the adds
thats stupid
i havent simmmed this, but I would wager it is 100% better to be fire
assuming you have a fire mage
yea idk I just dont see much reason to bother going FSW like you get the boots of blasting next phase I have girdle and full spellfire
FSW probably still a bit better than boots but
Yea ppl dont read shit dont sim shit just come in and expect to be spoonfed
Fight club's old ways were best just ignore /mute ppl who dont read pins
Or give them some dogshitter channel to talk in
For their dumb questions
Like Dumb-questions chanbel
I see rerolls as a necessary thing so I dont blame em. The reality is meta classes discords will always be cesspools of idiots
So you give em an idiot playground
Give em a noob channel
Loool
I got the crit  wand from mag am I a retard
Think since I have hit neck and cloak  it was the play
I had one guy DM me
And I quote
" yo bro you look like a parser"
Mind if I ask a few questions
Yea sure man I say
"How do i pump"
That was his only question
Loool
https://tenor.com/view/the-pump-is-out-there-arnold-schwarzenegger-pump-gif-15191219
Jpaint pumps code
Dive make a dumb questions channel
Pepehands
Just make a channel where ppl can take their silly questions and we can talk about fire vs shadow in peace here pls
Lol
Shire spec
Guess your right
This is the dumb channel
I just wish there was a place in between retard land and research
That had normal discussion of game
And not flooded with faq questions
Okay
How does one ascend to tbc research access
If this guy asking fire or shadow is in
https://tenor.com/view/conan-o-brien-window-stalker-creepy-let-me-in-gif-16778394
Agree
I dont want admin pain in the ass
Cock is more dmg than balls unless you have a scrotum mage to hold them
You basically want 1 cock and 2 balls in your raid comp
No retard
Thats way too much cock
I still agree w the suggestions to make second dumbass channel
Tbc general or something
Or tbc noobs
Tbc noob channel
Well cause why would anyone go to offtopic chanbel to ask aldor or scryer
Or what soec to run
Jus make one for actually dumb questions
I think they would
Picture this anytime aomeone asks dumb question here we send en to # tbc dumb questions
Over time it dies improve quality of this channel
I stand by that we shouldnt delete messages w  the word mage and meme around
About rerollers
I dont think its toxic to have a place for basic questions
Whatever just dont do shit let the channel rot
It's fine
I do understand. I know some ppl will still ignore a basic question channel and come here. But I think it provides decent mitigation and allows us to send  ppl to that channel instead. It seemed to work well in other discs I have seen. Not perfect but better than nothing
Lol zeph
Yea but I would argue that a dumb questions channel mitigates like 50% of dumbness from this channel. We wont be dumb-capped but well probably experience less dumb than currently
I think a significant portion would
You have to refuse to answer dumb q here. And force dumb qs to be asked in dumb q channel. And over time yes more ppl will gravitate there.
Pins are also sadly not obvious to noobs
Ty if  it doesnt work out you can meme me
Discord is a tough format for it tbh when i was noob I didnt know about pins
You get that many?
Pms?
Jesus
I get randoms but 20 per day is a ton
Yo did harsen bro get banned or what happened to him
I preferred that dive
Now its just jaded or leveling nerd dive
Jk jk
I still dont know how to drain tank properly fuvk succubus
Tru
Yea its not all shit
Gn
What is this treasure
I have no idea how to chase the purp
Cmon give me clue
!givepurplepls
!fuckmages
!zephaniscool
!zephansfeet
was gonna sleep now im chasing purple role
lool oof
Woah woah
What was that
I dont run  sims because we live in a sim and thats cruel
Dming dive to ask how he got  purple
You dont have purple lol
Lets all dm zeph 10x  asking for purple
Tonight
He is
Hes purplr
That mother fucker
And I think he did in front of me and I missed
I have no clue man
!gfoty
!zephan
!sim
How do I get purple
!grimoire
!grimoirechapters
Thats mean
!jpaint
!ðŸŸ£
!purple jpaint
!treasure
!@purple
@purple
!roll
!purpleroll
Lol
Ok
He always writes purple roll not role
That's the clue boys
!roll
!guldan
!8ball purple roll
!8ball roll
Fuck
!%server[Warlock Classic]request%;role;purple
lol
wtf
yall really fukced me up im supposed to be asleep
!commandlist
!list
!commands
I did that
shadow destro is trash
Dont vendor ring
Its seed bis
Fine
You got a 70 upgrades for your seed set
Shadow good
How purple
Same
lol officers shilling for self lust great
lusting spriests and aff locks
Defs a meme w 2 healers in group
Back in the day did you clear all content
Essily csd
Easily*
You wabt to gem obli for seed set anyway
I mean you can do kara w dogshit gear for sure
Doesnt mean you should skip tailoring long term tho
In any guild
Thats cares
Yea you can just go kara in whatever shabby blues
Plenty of dece prebis from quests
No
Yep
P sure your meant to do normals into kara
Heroics harder than kara
yea but if you hit 5 targets with seed....
@Maou I want to point out your list doesnt include the spell crit to gloves enchant
nor the mag wand
6.5k?
what you skip spellfire or what
yes
if your just farming
you can go SM SL
dont take the resilience and shit for more dmg while farming
i get pretty consistent over 7k
dont have T4 or magus blade either
ah yea the atiesh pain
wrong im the best
min maxing legendaries always been kinda cringe
reward player not class
ye
i havent seen anything convincing for arcane mages in 25 mans
outside of maulgar zerging
but next phase probably pretty good
you really cant say that
you dont know what the content will be
how easy it will be
just have long fight
its not about fire being better
its about arc fire being better raid dps
and yea if its long fight fire can win
demo + weakness doesnt stack right
â¤ï¸ thanks, I agree
now give purple @Zephan
not fair to rerolls to have to know lore
does it work
nah
lol
im finna dm every admin
but thats also pretty troll
!purplerole
!purpleroll
yea treu
but i heard shadow was better than fire
can you blame us
in pursuit of the purp
yea
fiery why does it seem like aff is not worth at all
but you said it was pretty good long time I remember
i thought that was how you play it
you get the bis AOE and the bis  ST
how much dps does vate add on sim anyway
does anything in TBC double dip like UDC?
say like curse of elements
dam
so mages should have to subtract that from their raid dps analyses of arcane vs fire right kek
yea i know that one
yea its not really a double dip was just about to say that
okay
its more just that CSD increases your crit damage by 3% and that is amplified by ruin right
since your crit damage with ruin is 200%
but i never got how it gets to 209
seems like should be 206
yea right
okay
yea right
I did know that
I just confused myself
you guys should make me purple to make jpaint mad
seems worth
!commandlist
!commands
!tlc
is that even true
Are you sure?
should correct to say if it crits 3 or more targets
This means if :SeedOfDestruction: explosion hits 3 or more targets
ty
dont mind me just spamming comamnds
hoping for hint of purple
do you get purple if your parses are purple
is that the secret
so he knows the word is spelt role
roll is the clue
roll gotta be the clue
yea lol but just a 3 day ban for first offenders
still kinda spooked most ppl I know out of it
you can do it easily and without ban tho
you just do it with token
sell token to someone in retail for gold in classic
lots of pvpers openly say they do that on stream at least
i dunno the dumb thing is they ban ppl for 3 days end of classic but everyone has still farmed gold from gold buyers in gdkps last 5 months
that could easily still get you banned
also if you transfer high value goods, you arent making gold?
meh sure
might as well just do the token thing tho
gordonramsay got banned for like months because of repeat offenses afking bgs
this doesnt sound like you ran sims
if you think crit gems are high value in sims you probably are lying about having run the sim lol
yea seems like when you swap curse of reck on and off
can change the direction
to a new random direction
but its not entirely controllable
lol
anyone got isb weakaura im lazy
actually ill just search for one later
or make one
nvm
wym?
help me figure out purple ghostowl
so far my compilation of hints is
"you have to know lockcord lore"
zeph says purple roll instead of purple role for some reason
idk fotys  hints
something about drakestone xn meme
think it was just meme
I feel like it has to do with some old lock disc thing where you picked your fave pet
and getting the sucky succ role
see the thing is, it said youds get purple removed if you helped
so I suspect that foty hasnt actually helped
otherwise his purple should be removed
no ty
can someone tell me what the drakestone meme is
like I know he farmed drakestone so many times
and then got it
when AV came out
but what is the meme
yea I know
but is there some meme assoicated
some famous clip
Where do I find the drakestone hall of fame
haha true
thats just life as a meta classs
get used to it
fury warr in vanilla same shit
thats why you try hard and top meters
whats the difference
i figure we just take back seat in T5 and thenn when BT Hyjal drops we reap the prio
yea idk its still just meta comp and the contents of said meta comp
I really dont follow whatever nuance your trying to argue
and I dont think its relevant
it was worse in classic
you compete w rogue and tanks too
and like 10 other warrs
but I just top DPS in my guild no matter the class easy loots
here in tbc theres less ppl to compete but you do have hunters wanting T5 too and you have to be nice to boomy mage ele SP etc
spriest disc shills hard for zhardoom prio lol
spriests get no weapon after dagger until T6
theres lots of caster in meta comp in tbc, theres lots of melee in meta comp in classic
shrug
I mean the argument is that we have the sword which is better as option
and we get sword as option in SSC too
however
they can get a mace in BT
that sucks
but
nah
you let the prot pala get ssc sword
and silently wait for hyjal sword
have ylal seen what hyjal sword looks like? It also is lock bis RP
better than zdoom
its the same theme as lock T5
the true play is get gruul sword so ppl forget about you after everyone gets ssc sword
then come back for the hyjal lol
yea i mean thats different
yes
stop tryna drop atiesh
it aint happening
ppl who took atiesh and trying to drop it early are as cringe as mages who cried about getting it
change my mind
you cant talk all this noise about raid dps
and then also try to drop your atiesh
if you didnt have the foresight to understand what taking atiesh meant thats on you
you all made your names (30/40) and shit
jerking off to yo selves
now you regret?
too bad
yea lets cut ele
have to make effort
to get totem
not worth
I got all 3 of my drums on mag from ele
yall suck ass
yea idk these stormcaller locks are really wasting electricity
my wood burning blade of wizardry
is far more env friendly
yea alar exists
even if your fire
alar existst
yea its not hard exactly
but you need a buncha primals
for belt and boots of blasting
probably smart not to waait til T5 to farm those out
noone can fucking answer what will be bis for your raid comp in T5
we dont know your dps
your kill times
how hard content will be
yea
been there done that
more then that
16 primal fires
10 shadowcloth
okay
dead servers are bad to play on
always play on big poppin servers
i have full fire set full shadow set full seed set
and guildies still ahvent swapped out of T3 robe / helm / shoulders
its cringe man
even oblivion is better
mana etched ho yea
andoblivion part of seed set anyways
no reason not to gem oblivion shoulders
the chest is quest reward/BOE
ppl are actually so trash/lazy
Theres also shoulders from Black Morass right
I have all three of them lol
idk how ppl are still wearting T3
i guesss some saph enchants
but its over a month now yall
yall slacking
how have they not fallen in lap
do you play game
you dont replace oblivion chest
its seed set bis
lol
its bis on normal kara pulls
big clowns
how is it less of a big deal
because your shadow
thats garbage for seed
yea I mean shoulders are w.e but how do you not ahve literal quest reward chest
that is better than T3
60
i just dont get how you can sit in this disc all day , and not care about easy to get upgrades
spend gold on min max consumes
but dont get free chest upgrade
its like 2 hundred gold to make soulcloth set
not a big deal to make it if he wants it
ok
doing more dps while holding boss is good
idk i wouldnt shame someone for spending 200 g to be more stable
as a tank
think your just over worrying about irrelevant dumb bullshit
who cares
pre nerf solarian
which we probably wont get
so we dont need it
or you know just be nice to guildy
and help him out
its 200 g
who fucking cares
i dunno why ppl antagonize their teammates at every turn
its a team thing
idk its like 1 week of kara splits in soul essence
you get that shit so easy
your just making a big deal of something
that shouldnt be a big deal
who fuckin cares
yea but I dont harass my guiuldies about it
I trty to help them
they just dont wanna be helped and its annoying
I bitch here about it
but I am nice to my guildies in game
yea
lol
need seed set to be added to wowhead prebis
ppl think 190 seed dmg is a meme
but that somehow they do more seed dps than me cause they have FSW boots
sucky succ
give more hint
now
pls
sucky succ
drakestone
copythis
im goin nuts
https://tenor.com/view/charlie-day-gif-18564553
what I dont get is I dont see any of your bot spamming
you say you did same thing
did you cover the tracks
asshole
yea like if I find something will I even know im on the right track?
is it fun or just aids
if you scroll up you can see I did alot more than that last night
you need purple parses I am convinced
cant get the role too bad
@Aloysius did you get that
yea I was prepping to mock you for being shaddow
wait wtf
why am i purple
no
you can reset
god that purple feels good boys
@jpaint Do you love me
I tried a buncha shit
I know now
you neeed to react to the posts there
to get access
to channels
dam
ah ok nvm
too dumb for purple
DN is the best
I mean I still see plenty of valuable nuggests of info crusing on here
and its way better w newbie questions channel
IDK what oakgu wants
o wait I do
its purple
I do like that approach too
idk what cobly is
but purple is better
just find it stabile
yea you do
!whitename
pin it
oakgu do you have a thirst for knowledge
i can tell you some things you may have missed in the noise
do you know about the books on shade of aran
do you know about the safespots on gruul
maou posted a bis seed set
you can search his posts for
yes
i actually found this on beta
no
on shadow of aran
we wiped for 8 hrs on bugged aran
okay
so there is a pile of books in aran's room that prevent you from getting sucked in
if you line aran with the books
the way we do the fight, is everyone stacks on books (every ranged) and zug the boss
aoe heal through the blizzard
easy parses
what fight is that
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/858983667299909662
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/mP5CkKoseL6MgMXVveCHpY
hes missing a few things
but its largely good
lots of q items that are better than raid items for crit
nethermancer
is best
mech OH
afaik at least
post a better one
MSD I dont think is better
he has the wrong wand
he also missed glove enchant iirc
theres crit to gloves
mag wand is better
its more cirt more int
o yea mayb theres better bracers
kinda true actually fuck
just a max crit set
what is even the edge of madness for locks I forgot
o fuck bro
dam
i forgot
about that
^
i was tihnking that just now too
I dont see how still shilling fire
is bad
still seems like arc fire will be bis tbh
almost like stabile dont play warlock
out of the game bro
tru
imagine going aldor
makes 0 sense
we use sims not pawn strings
trash
dont think its bannable in the slightest
if it was a boss
youd get locked
when you kill it
owow
in practice tho
you have hit gems in your spellstrike
your not making seconds spellstrike for crit gems
I spent honor on crit gem for seed set when I was really high and dont have honor for pvp trinket and found out hard way that the old trinket doesnt work on maiden
like the vvanilla trinket yea
no it dont
i had a ton farmed in prepatch
well not a ton
enough to buy 2 gems lol
oof
yea shit
green of the invokers
bis for seed prolly
outside of servant
spellstone is how much crit
i put my 12 red gem in spellstrike
I dont think its a mistake
why hannu
why wouldnt you put it in spellstrike
I mean im just gonna put orange in helm
like I would for spellstrike
whats the difference
i dont have helm yet so why not
even if had helm
I dont see the issue with it in pants
when ghostowl finds it hes gonna laugh pretty hard
gz lockman
gz goose
in a short fight the healing trinket probably bis
like a maulgar zerg
essence of the martyr
from badges
is it bis tho, if you get a quags proc
in the 27 seconds
because
i have found that its very easy to get double hastee procs if you wait out the icd
before a pull
it IS high
its like 20%
with long ICD
thats why it always procs at start of pulls
the info is on wowhead
think it does
it makes bowiz and quags underrated in general
because sure over 5 min sim you wait out ICDs
but
in practice
the ICD ticks out of combat
between trash packs
exact;y
yes
thats what makes them better than ppl think
in practice
its gonna proc near start of pull
not near end
sure
but you dont get it proccing in shatter usually it procs in first 5 casts on boss
anyways
yea its double edged
but sim underrates those items
as long as you dont have quags eequipped on trash before HKM
it WILL proc in the zerg
almost surely
so you found it ghost?
haha
then your current role is appropriate
should let kenneth come back
mayb hell post his hidden spreadsheets
if we let him
so when do we get purple only chat
hey okay inspired by oakgu
has anyone tried fat aoe pulls in kara
Wtf why
Why
Hunters use beast lord
Do you mean T5?
That's actually retarded.
Hunters bis is beastlord
Ours is t4
Yea
Cope
Non purple cope
Go to sleep
Mage
You complaining but I dont hear you contributing
Oak
Maulgar?
Why you wanna click off SL? To keep pet alive
?
just get ppl to heal your pet
tell them its so you dont die
explain what soul link does
easy
your telling me you already knew about shade books and thats all you learned today
lies
honestly gold** is easy
must have spent 15k at this point on gear
3k for bis bags why not
playing the gaeme
I have 3 tailors and max enchanting and DE stuff
thats about it
literrally just make thousands of gold spamming heroics
my friend has been pickpocketing in slave pens and mining
and he makes tons
way more tahn me
he pickpocketed a living ruby
the other day
yea can just stand still in throne of KJ
and make gold hitting one mob
3 tailors is like 1k passive gold per week
DEing is easily another 1k
started game w 3k
been 4 weeks
I did a bit of the soul essence > craft soulcloth shoulders > DE thing
but it wasnt that great
econ is so poppin atm
can just buy anything on AH
repost at higher price
literally just sepnd time doing ANYTHING and you make gold
besides sitting in org
and arena
level alt easy gold
quest easy gold
any profression easy gold
hes a retard
thats how you lose your raid spot
wow jpaint is behind
not purple
learning news a week later
it depends on how much +shadow dmg you have iirc
I think it is worth reacting to proc if your DN
And even demo probs
Shadow bolt feels like slot machine sim and fire feels like actual god dps gamer
Yea I had to argue w guildie about doom vs agony
And then he says I know how to settle this. Checks xns parses. O he dooms okay your right
Yes
Thats what i said
Never doom has triple coefficient
I think
Casting anything but ele w aff spec lul
Thank god book never drop for me
You can get 20k+ incins on spite
I got 20k w no trinks

Imagine not being fire
imagine drain lifing
the boss is easy -  there is almost 0 dmg going out except on blue beam
could single heal it
so easily
yes
I also only saw 28k doom when used at 44 stacks
no succ sac tho
or imp curse
ah
more dps than affl below demo and fire
basically its the worst lol
uhh I dont think that is true
but its still the worst for a long time
??
as you gain sp and crit the gap shrinks
not grows
yes you are wrong
we arent talking about affli
we are talking about shadow destro
vs fire
reading is hard

Reading is hard
yea I understand
its nbd
Is Blessings deck hard bis for  while?
I saw on private they use hellfire prepull to stack it
its just 80 spellpower though right
just spam curse on critter
works for bowiz
anything I can do now to prep to buy that trinket
lol
its a trinket just for P3 then right
assuming your able to acquire hsh skull
digrat spam curse better mana
I feel like thats not gonna work on live tho
eh if quags procs off R1 ROF ticks
id say theres a chance it works
who is Alive
do we trust
hes also ppfairy right
who is the best vanilla warlock
XN?
im watching lock talk
gfoty is not bis dont troll me
jpaint sounds so nice
IRL
why he so grumpy
haha
trueee
i died on high king cause ele sham ripped
sadge
ok nvm ryusei voice way sexier
than paint
do we shill fetish on maulgar
or just shatter
its not your fault you cant compete w the accent
based not buying essence of the martyr
actually sims do have multi target option
and you can just sac a succ
for trash
shadow destro has literally 0 advantages on cleave over fire.
if you think that
you are just not thinking
0.22
literally you dont even wear the FSW set for seeding trash
even if your a "shadow" lock
yea but what is crit like 3.5?
resist locks literally seed channelers and then hard casted imp
for fire dps on mag
sist is top

Resist is top
and then its russians and chinese
also bakers mage knows fire is best
hes just trying arcane
the top parse is now some guild that cucked their locks and triple lusted hunters
for mag
what a joke
and the locks did less dps than me
nah
prove it
i am
i see locks beating BM on prince, and losing on a fight where they are silenced and where they lose most dps from cube click and have to banish
also locks gain more from lust than hunters
also locks lose most from clicking
w no pet
ran sims on hunter disck
huntsers dont get full haste benefits because of their clipping and shit
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/858073722991411200
no
I said that oddaal only
said arc fire was good
and the mage disc cried
I honestly think hunter best ST is a scam , MAYB if the fight lets them get one more CD rotation in
but I think prince is best fight for comparison
and that shows us equal
also obvs on maulgar szerg they win with their cds
but as fight extends
lock catch up
top parse kara comps are all perf comps
so I dont think that is a valid excuse
yea but spellfire > beast lord kekw
mayb BM is better ST, but its much smaller than ppl think/ nigh unexistent its njust these fights favor hunters / fuck locks
hence why best spec is demo poor mans bm hunter
warlocks play themselves by tring to make their rotation not brain dead lol
time to fetsih
hunters mad
my server parses no fetish just a good bear
FOR SEED
YES
haters gonna hate
gz man
situational
seeding a targeted mob is max dps, but leads to early ripping which lowers dps
also it means one mob takes no dmg and mobs dont die evenly;
which can nerf your dps
just depends on situation
something lioke illhoof you seed the boss
something like a trash pack w 5 equally High HP mobs
tab
yea
hate that shit lockman
fucking idiots cleaving my imps
yes
moroes spamming on moroes and just telling a hunter to focus dps on moroes
is nice
vate on a seed pack doesnt seem meme
im asking for vate on next moroes
lol
id say thats a bit troll
moroes vate seems legit though
if your capped around 1k yea time to flame tanks
you got logs
im good at flaming tanks
well you said you did 1k avg kara
so im assuming you cap before 2k
and more around 1k
o
wait i just got to the part of lock talk where they say pets dont get haste
so do BM hunters not have their pets getting lust?
they just dont get your haste rating but do get lust right
ah the good ol simonize scam
where he shills based on percent dps gains
when raw dps gains are what kill bosses
come on hannu
your not that dumb
DST adds more dmg on surv than anyother class
look at expose uptimes
and you will see why haste is good
even BM hunters agree
on hunter disc
yes
not to meniton, pets dont get DST
surv gets full benefit
fuckin eh stabile
expose uptime
havent seen arcane kill it outside of maulgar zergs and kara bosses that die in 1 minute

mag

90th
what percentile would you like @InsaneKane
it doesnt change on any of these fights
sure they pump on 17 s maulgar, netherspite, and 1 min maidens
show me them pumping on gruul or mag.
or prince.

gruul
95th

???
all bosses
so that includes maulgars
17 s maulgar zergs
its for prot warrs that arent tanking
because they were stealing parses from tanks
retail shit
gladiator was prot dps spec
some bosses friendly some bosses not friendly basically lol
not as freindly as this phase
Hot tip dont bitch about your kara split making rosters is a pita and as someone who does it the ppl who piss and moan over their comp for a single raid are my least liked ppl
Yea
T5 just looks so cool
but probably not very practical to aim for
but dam it looks good w talon of the tempest
didnt realise that sword was T5 themeed
im talking about t6 talon
not world boss talon
oops I said the world boss talon tho
yea

T5 themed
whats cronicle

yea I fuck w tempest chronicle
that shits beautiful
thats my style man
gl
even spriests  finna get zhardoom
after sitting on kara dagger for 3 phases
try to tell em to just take BT trash mace
the play is you take big back seat on loot in T5
let mages and hunters have their toys
even pass shit to eles
and then you come for the loot in T6
you should make no fuss about loot in T4 or T5
you save all your fuss prio
for T6
DN
hes been raving about DN for a good bit now
mages SHOULD be arc fire
will be
is another question
KilLogic is an enemy of our ppl
realistically we DONT know
because
it all dpeends
on kill times
and how the content plays out
if the kills are super fast
you probably play arc frost
if the kills are long arc fire easily
the decision depends on how good your guild is probably
how many locks you run
etc
dont dilute the argument with silly things
the real facts is fuck affliction
thats another fire lock
your fucking
you realise playing fire instead of shadow is a big nerf to aff dps
not a gain
saying things like that makes us look like biased idiots
thats the raid dps gain we need
to fuck mages out of their argument
lol
kill affli
run more fires
now your talking
my language
stupid argument
me
all I see is purple no dates no times
yea its just kinda important to use the right arguments and not sound like a biased moron saying that aff get a dps gain from fire
mages jsut dont wanna admit it, but some top mages have
mage discord is honestly trash
yea
cause your guildie sits around listening to retards on mage disc
and your guildie
is a mage
I mean Im ready tbh
I have both sets
been there done that
if arc fire yes
it seems big until you realise it just makes them oom faster
only if fight is less than 5 minutes w 2 vates
do they sustain it
mans not wrong
no you dont
DN has better dps than affli
better utility than affli too
what utility do you think affli has
that beats shadowfury
tell me what utility you think you have in 25 mans
as affli
siphon life?
lmao
I mean its not easy to search for DN parses
but its fairely easy to know that DN out dmgs affli
then why did you just ask me to show a parse
KEKW
are you playing affli because you care about your speed run guild or becaus you like the roation
yea ^
not crazy just being realistic here man
yep
its okay to just admit yu have fun
in a spec
and not have some white knight argument attached
personally id say to look at your on raid's logs and determine if aff is worth
not the sheet
own*
good.
its fine man
your 6th world affli and you dont cheese the parses by casting wrong curse?
gz
You are clickpls?
so your elements is only buffing 2 locks a mage a spriest  and a boomy
6  caster total
idk fam
most fun fight
why not include
if you actually think lumberjack website is important and determines who the best player is
your cooked
its always been cheesy 100% crit meme parses
always has been a meme
its just for funs
how is it any cheesier than chromag?
chromag is bullshit RNG
netherspite is deterministic
number 6 world tho
ah tbh he plays good gotta give him that
6 with no cheese is good
but
its also selfish lie that its worth for his raid
haha
this is the third argument
on the third day he said
its someone elses decision
and there it is
on the 4th day
he flames you
yea just say you like affli and you pump as affli
no harm no foul
dont dodge duck dip dive
never seen blue in my life
on the other hand you still blue on curator
he brought it up number 6 world big mans
we were just talking affli vs destro
as usual
tho i have been guilty of parse memes from time to time
I know they are memes tho heh
I did adds on curator and still got 99 best parse on server
idk
adds arent a big deal
hit the adds or dont
doesnt matter
only problem is if too many ppl hit adds
and your casts dont land
!whitename
best part of search for purple
is I know all the meme commands now
this is what all the locks that didnt buy spellfire in my guild subscribe to
refusing to cast immolate
hoping one day they crit chain and beat me
so they can say sbolt is good see?
we had some wipes on mag this week w some new ppl on cubes
and every singlke pull
they werent even close
I think they learned lesson
I had to click twice and still topped haha
because someone died
ddoes wboss loot even last into T5
ok other than legs
i guess anger gloves still do
mag gloves
w helm shoulder t4
9k bolts ?
no way its 9k incins
LOL thats on illhoof vuln and isnt even 9k
yea on a vuln phase
yea I did 20k on incin

DN still good but you kinda missold it
bad
imagine not watching your doom timer for cube click
whole raid should look doom timer
and click at correct time
we need an ahlaundoh of locks
show these arcane mages whats up
get some bm hunters in the party
triple lust
10 dragonlings
PI how could I forget
smh
fuck that item
thats just standard
ye true stack eles is better
4 ele group
but then your killtime is dogshit monka
for sure
doesnt matter
well if the hit is dead
BM hunter is probs better
you still cast immo
you dont react to procs as succ sac
if your a spec that doesnt succ sac
like say
DN
you react to procs I think
yea sepearate
just another reason fire lock bis
no shadow procs
being wasted
i guess if doom procs
its a rip
yea yea
it probably does have icd when puit on
which is annoying
means you cant cook the ICD by not wearing on trash
before the boss
it has a icd lol
just check wowhead
no im not sure
yea
it is easy to test
I just havent
i just noticed that consecrate initial cast can resist
so with enough mobs
its always up
they cast every 8 seconds
give to prot pala
your a sextant
do you know the procrate ?
no
0.9?
w talent

and it was just 1 in classic
its just they have no threat reduction at all in vanilla
even fury warriors have a 0.9 in zerker
icd?
yea
looks p good
also w the fights having occasional seed
no, they had that in classic its just not really written anywhere
the talent they get in TBC
increases the threat reduction
but in zerker its 0.9 by default
yea
kinda like how rogue just has 0.7 threat for no reason
I saw it
p sure its not 0.8 and yea mayb 0.71 rogue sounds familiar
can just check on tilkkus threat thing
front loaded trinkets with long ICD are actually kinda nice
reliably proc on pulls
can basically predict procs easier
never carry arrows bis
bis for warrior tank
0s
always 0s
pull with it
!jmault
its the spellfire gear no stam
so bad
!jparse
i blame the tank shoulda kited it away
he is a mage
after all
mod oof
dive definitely dive
green beam scales in sunwell
itll be me cause youll mod me kappa
take mod by sheer parse force
just wait til I finish the fire log scraper
youll have no choice
Dn + super sapper = mage lose
What the ... How high are you dive
!jparse
Nice parses
But aff is good right
Kekw

hes a blue that wants to be a purple
can you blame him
no probably not
doomguard is a nice pad but
3 lusts kinda shits all over doomguard memes
yea I mean if you get a warlock simp guild thats actually good and they triple lust you after letting you summon doomguard
you can be top parse
but that doesnt mean the top parses will be filled w doomguards
more than likely the best guilds get the best kill times wihtout doomguards
and those are many of the parses
i havent really seen any guilds playing around warlocks a ton
hopefully next phase
only in this shit content
that is glorified ony
but even then I tihnk if you played to locks strengths they win on at least mag
seed the channelers
pump the boss
just havent seen anyone get 3 lusts on lock
w seed strat
multishot is a joke vs seed
yea I mean you would have to have some lock simp guild that lets the dude not banish and shit
i mean the content favors hunters for obvi reasons but we do get more out of lust more out of the vuln phase w doom
i mean if youi took 12 locks, you could cater to a whole group
whole group gets triple lust
and seed would destroy the channelers
in record time
thats basically what crispy did w hunters
simped one group hard and stacked phys
yea I mean jsut have 8 locks and a whole pumper group can not banish
destroy channlers w sreeds
locks use less support to pump than hunt
can stack more of them
arms enhance ret feral rogue
rogue and arms being particularly undesirable
fire locks need 1 mage 1 spriest in the raid and shamans which will always be there.
id sell it to a spriest for 2k
and meta gem a helm
instead of using that
unless your die hard affliction
i mean you can give to him
but
hopefully then hes pretty hardcore
spriest supposed to buy alot of BOE greens
and most just try to take our loot instead
dont get me wrong plenty of good loot for spriests
but alot of misinformation
the sprieest wowhead is particularly incorrect
well the thing is
spriest shouldnt want alot of this loot
and some of the loot they should want
will be a hot topic
so they save prio
for the big items they need
rather than taking litearly non bis items that are worse than greens
like spriest shouldnt be touching mag ring, hit cloak, hit wand. But they look at wowhead and do
and then they literally never use them
because they dont need the hit
just bad info for spriests atm
spriests
actually want zdoom
and they should take almost no loot
to get that
which is fine for them
because they dont need it
its not their bis 90% of the time,
yea but why are you happy taking dogshit items
like
thats the problem
they dont know better
because they dont know shit about their class
but these items literally rot in their bags when they realise
like mag head ring
i just tell my spriest why I dont think items are good for him show him his bis
and he listens
easy life
but what will happen if you dont know itemization is they will take a buncha dogshhit hit items, not use them, your LC will be annoyed, you will be annoyed
and then when their actual bis comes
you wont wanna give em the zdoom
shrug
im not complaining at all
just talking about it
lol
well
thats on you bro
thats fair sure
well see what happens when the spriests come for your zdoom
after taking loot they dont need for 2 phases
see you then XD
Yo you see all these chinese parses on top of boss+ trash for kara? But yet their boss parses suck... Are they doing some mad aoe meta over there
I mean why would you fake shitty blue parse logs they prolly doing fat pulls
I am happy to report I did not die on maulgar
full pinks bb
our tank dragged the boss on top of ranged and I had to run 30 yards in the zerg tho
pretty troll
what does gearing for low level trash correctly
have to do with setting up best raid conditions
Are Storm Chops ever worth?
tip
step out of ww range
i learned it
from a god gamer
paint stormchops?
bis for aoe cap?
anything else
Paint
Me
mod when
that feel when all Infernal (Moderators) losing to warr reroll
Heezzy
whats wrong w tank
our maulgar was still 50 seconds because tank literally drag boss on top of me
he said he didnt know
rip
nice
mayb next week
tbf the kara was kinda cheese
ended up w 3 shamans in split so I had 2 lust
cope
so when you die on maulgar it ok
when I die on gruul
all my fault
I fixed the problems
now im king
i literally farm all the locks in my raid and still pass the  25 man loots to them
ill cash them farm points in in T6
not now
kekw
i felt pretty bad having to use twilight owl
not hit capped
dont have a set for it
sheesh tho why do you have like no drops
HEY I SEE HIT WAND
but still
kara loot hasnt been kind hey
plague shoulders tho
are you really trying?
yea same
have 0 T4
oblivion even is a clear upgrade to T3
i guess the thing I forget is
ppl have saph enchants
but still
you have oblivion + badge helm, or mana etched as clear upgrades tho
yea I mean I understand but
how long you gonna sit on that logic
bowiz is for tha flex
its for reminding everyone
how much better you are
than them
and their shit stormcaller
its not better than raid weaps tho
I do think that a 5 min sim undervalues the Bowiz
relative to stormcaller
shit always procs on the pull
because its a long ICD, high procrate
so in short fight
bowiz should smoke stormcaller
yea why farm murmur sword
i knew it
validated
yep that was my logic
Paint do you have any thoughts on when oblivion seed set might be dead
like
is there a point you just wear normal gear
love to see it
yea but idk spellpower is like 0.2 of a crit for seed
so if you had really nice crit setup
idk I figured answer was never but
just musing
aoe cap yea ok
@Aloysius mayb you should get yours pinned
the answer never
makes me feel much better about blowing honor on a crit gem
and not having even my pvp trinket yet
lol
i was stoned thought I had more honor than that
based same faction bgs
figured you completed it nvm
Basically you take 4 pce oblivion w spellstrike legs, gem crit as much as possible. Cut spellpower / hit for crit as  much as possible
aiming for 5 hit on trash or even less if you can rely on ele
his isnt bis either tho
but close
Did Maou leave server
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/858983667299909662
seed set ^
had trouble searching his name
yea paint mentioned AOE cap
ye
asny idea what number of mobs you hit AE cap on w oblivion on tho
i like that one
how much crit%?
rare af cellar drops
but you could probabyl use invoker greens instead
and that would still be best
yea thats what I have currently badge cloak
also
violet eye over recurrence fory
foty*
n
for seed?
the int friend
mayb im cooked but I had more crit on my char w violet eye
ayyy
when I was on beta, I felt really shabby in the oblivion set (starter set they give you)
now I feel like a gangster in my seed set
which is basically same gear
funny
zg madness trinket
whats the int trinket
the mana reduc one?
gl getting that
and h pala
and mayb some other healer too
yea true but it never drops and im in a run w both
i guess thats just my perspective tho
doesnt seem that bis yea agree ghost
shiffars + quags + fetish + zg madness
sure
we get vates for extended seeds right
:p
yea it seems decent
ill try it if I ever get it
not gonna worry about it tho
but I AM making shit to summon zg madness boss lol
mayb just your squad of locks can do it
w enslaves
yea
2 players chaining enslaves
to tank it
sounds cozy
and doable
soloing jus kinda sounds like pain in the ass
but obvs you probably can do it
just by using the bridge shit
I really wish there was like a Seed of corruption farm
I wanna AOE farm something
I guess could do ZF boosts
the shadow destro doubled my crit RNG on maulgar zerg
and still lost
we already do mount runs a few of us for zg
so gonna just try to get them to help me do madness
same time
Plenty of things use primals outside of spellcloth

I wouldnt count on them going down a bunch
if anything on my server they going up as soon as layers stop
yea but the dragonling doesnt actually work right now
nor does the chicken
which is pretty stupid
we should make more noise about it
that is honestly such a weird final spell for druids
balance druids
like wtf is that shit
its 300 fire power for your raid
if it works
basically
as long as you get 5 stacks
which in classic wasnt very hard
like 2 dragonlings 5 stacked
Wowhead comments describe in detail what you must do. But tbh just get badge helm its better
I did full maghari q. Then next day realise badge helm exist. Bought and gemmed. Then next day both pce mana etched drop. Such is my pain
Still no t4 helm drop
I got maggy
Kinda the smallest upgrade pver black stalk tho
Over
I think hit wand is a better acquisition
Esp w black stalk
Gives you flexibility for twilight owl neck
If you need to wear that sometimes
Lol
Life aint fair
I have nether core but tirisfal a good bit better
Relative to black stalk vs maggy
Yea
Tbf 25 man content is just bosses
Lol
T5 when
Yee
ex lock class lead from classic argued that doom is not worth casting, then argued that COA is better.

I said its basic math.

He continued to argue and argue. Eventually he says okay I know how to settle this. pulls up XNs logs because XN is the god to him. And hes like oh okay your right XN uses it
smh
then he says to me "they are using shadowbolt tho why are you fire"
I said because tierra is a cuck mage
one of the more competitive guilds on my server, didnt think tbc comps were a big deal. they have 2 furies 3 rogues no arms now
becaue they "promised ppl" raid spots
and are now* struggling to complete content
losing players every day
Does anyone have advice on how to pvp in prem BGS with my guild without any resi gear
I have amazing PvE Fire gear and can delete ppl still if I get to cast
but should I just SL / SL or affliction without resil gear
Dont hurt hannu he runs w 3

what prio do you guys do on mags head
justification?
healers and hunters both want here
YOu think it should be feral prio?
Our feral said he would pass to dps because he had alternative rings
If you think frost pumps your hoenstly probably just bad warlock
the highest frost mage parse in the world doesnt even pump

that pumper feral druid level dps
you always corr for demo
hmmm
yea furys pump hard if you cater to them
yea thats best parse in world tho

99th percentile even
they fall hard
why
trash trinket
better for spriest/prot pala
I wouldnt take it from ppl who its better for
I would just use quags eye
Well, you should learn not to take items that arent good for you. But I would use it mayb in mean time
Until you get better trinket
P2 shadowbolt is NOT better
what is there to explain
fire does more dps than shadow
whole game
well you havent been listening then
anyone whos been here a long time will tell you that
run the sim on #simulations
shadow is hoenstly the worst spec
might as well be demo
if not fire
no. Im not.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BP3DIdHW9CU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0osNd9t4E1E
its quite a noticeable difference
You want to look at my parses, rather than use the resources and sim to make a decision?
sure
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/character/us/faerlina/heezzy
but I dont think that will help you
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/zone/rankings/1008#metric=dps&partition=1&class=Warlock&boss=651
heres the top lock parses on mag in world
top 3 all incinerate.
but how does that help you know what is good in T5?
you need to run a sim
one boss is immune to fire.
and you just sac succubus, put on shadow set
for that fight
yea ppl really dont know how to seek out information
I recommend you watch the Lock Talk video I linked
it answers alot of the common questions
that ppl ask here when they first start
can help you get a sense of the class
fire is always more personal dps
but
you need a mage to be fire
the mage may go arcane frost
and then you cant play fire
it is a constant battle with the mages to justify what is better for overall raid dps, arc fire with fire locks
or arc frost with shadow locks
we believe that arc fire is the better spec, as do SOME smart mages
but the vast majority of mages want to play their pumper spec
its a very detailed topic
trying to analyze overall raid dps
without shadow there is no ISB which hurts aff lock/ spriest
scorch provides benefits to other fire dmg in raid as well
it ends up being a question of boss kill times
if you are in a guild that is not pumping SUPER hard, its almost surely a fire meta
but if top pumper guilds get kill times that are very fast
arc frost might not oom and might be better
no spriest no fire mage : play fire
spriest no fire mage : shadow, but actually Demo
both : fire
need to select a role
so you can see the channels
interesting. How often are you really "miscasting" with 400 ms
like
my rotation is so brain dead lol
how can I fuck it up
yea thats one reason
and how do you set it
this just isnt true.
Fire has more spellpower in bis than shadow
Mainly because of spellfire set
DN is just the most fun spec best for heroics/kara trash
its not really best for parsing
shadowfury, reduced threat on seed, nightfall procs
yea and get imp drain soul
cause of reduced threat on seed
and its nice for mana sometimes
he said hes farming heroics
??
I mean if I did DN I think id get both range talents
the posted spec doesnt thoo
I guess you cant get empowered corruption
if you get range talent


you still want destro reach for threat reduction tho
regardless of whather the range is good
no room for imp talents.
doesnt mean you dont use imp
i just use curseforge
theres an addons and macros channel
you need to select a role in role selection
I mean what are you gonna cut Bane for imp talents?
cast 3 seconds shadowbolts?
so your imp can cast firebolts faster
its just not worth
i had issues with wowup
i think they fiexed wowup, but when tbc released the addons werent compatioble even if I downlaoded the TBC version

so you could drop imp talents
if you dont get intensity
but I doubt thats worth
intensity is pretty good
and the imp is pretty dogshit
id just rather do this
i mean someone did do the math and posted that spec
just not me
I doubt you take improved imp over shadowburn intensity
I mean you want the range because you have affli range anyways
unlikely you actually pull aggro w non-ruined shadow bolts
I dont think range is useless
at all
range is great
yea but they are if you are UA
imma just do this tho if I play UA in my raid this week

we dont need shadow embrace anymore
ill take howl for pvp and curse of exhaustion
and farming
SE is just nerfing my tank's rage and threat
fel concentration might be better than soul siphon too
actually id do this

gets all pvp talents that are good
fuck imp agony
I dont recommend dropping SE in your raid tho
unless you KNOW the tank doesnt need it
I dont think imma ever do sunfire enchant
mayb in a long time
its 3 dps gain on sim over spelpower
and like just cucked for pvp and shit
meh its literlaly 3 dps
if I top dps anyways
I still get weap upgrade
also it means your weapon is actually shitty dps on trash
if you seed
but I guess I use blade of wiz for trash
and raid weap
for ST
if someone tries to say they have soulfrost or sunfire and deserve the weapon because of that
Ill be checking their rings for enchants
checking their seed set
better be full fuckin juiced and even then Ill probably still beat them simply cause of trash dps
we have free void crystals in our guild
so its not really "effort" to get sunfire
yea I mean who cares about weapon upgrades til talon of the tempest
thats all that matters
id take 0 weaps if I get tempest
but the play might be to take magus blade now, let everyone else get leviathan
then get BT upgrade
I dunno the locks in my raid cant seem to touch me whatever they do
so im not really worried XD
shadowbolt shill (aka too broke for spellfire) got double my crit RNG, has 2 pce T4, still didnt beat fire
I mean from perspective of ppl in tryhard guilds like lockman, simply not having thrallmar rep over a month into the game is just slacking hard.
takes like 1 day of going hard in spellcleave shattered halls
to get the weapon
sure in a casual guild they might not see it that way
or 1 day of hard farming to buy a Bowiz
eh if you have a constant group thats good. doing pug spellcleaves took longer than a few hours for me.
mages dont blizz good
sometimes
1500 gold , or farm thrallmar rep?
Ill take the gold option
that is stronger
and bis for the game for seeding
also the flex points
yea I mean if you dont have the gold to spare
you dont hve the gold
but I dont regret buying bowiz at alll
its amazing for seed and procs very predictably
true
me neither
still no regrets
i still have no T4
I pass because I am reroll
even tho I top meters
slacking lol
no I just pass
I know I will get T4, I will save all my "top dps" prio
for the real upgrades
in BT
Ill pass and pass and pass
and then when BT comes
Ill come knocking
I dont think so , we have been going since day 1 of classic wow
and we are all friends
the locks are slackers what can I say
they arent gonna quit tho
and like I said I complain here but I just try to help them in game
still my friends
just slackin
theres like 1 lock that might quit before then I doubt the rest will
we need the boomy slot anyways
yep yep,. my only worry is if tons of leviathans drop, might be the paly to take magus blade now lol
so you look better for talon of tempest
ðŸ˜›
it looks cooler than stormcaller
but
slacking
spent his time finding purple
but didnt get thrallmar rep
yikes
thats gonna be the real pain trying to get tempest over the crying atiesh locks
yes pass
pass as much as possible in T5 lol
and take the T6
thats stupid
yep
you try to play nice to mages so they dont take your skull
who cares about 2 dps upgrade tier
tho I love how the set looks
what?
ppl actively wanting to cuck mages
or me planning my upgrades
the spriest will come for your zhardoom tho
and tbh im convinced they should get it
at this point
exactly
spriest/ele shaman get no weapon until BT
other than prince dagger
ideally they take almost none of your loot
but then they take zdoom
seems correct/fair to me
and I dont even want that I want tempest
if prot palas come for tempest
thats when I rope tho
honestly that sucks about T6
blasting boots
if prot pala take all that
ill cry
is the set that good doesnt even have spellpower
T6 is unreal for locks
just another reason to pass all of T5 to others
so your cucked going into T6
heh
the prot set ?
idk I just glanced at chest

nope
stabile there is another set
that has spellpower and mp5
but that doesnt have the 10% consecrate set bonus

monka you right
I dunno man
prot pala in full T5
me in T4 2 pce
and they take the T6
I guess well see
the thing about prot pala is they arent the MT
they tank trash and shit
Like you didnt give your warr OT bis loot like gressil over dps warrs in vanilla
or even THC
you give it to your MT
mayb
thanks
I disagree completely w that
but ok.
lol I guess in the case of speedrun for death wish cds
sure
tho I still really question the value of THC for threat
its super tiny
ill always shill that tanks never needed THC
THC is just a tankiness upgrade not really a threat upgrade
and
you never needed tankiness
to do the content
I dunno I think ppl over simp tanks. Tanks need to a) not die, b) hold aggro. They dont need every item in the game to accomplish this
gearing DPS is underrated
ye
no tempest yes tier is reasonable trade off
I just think even in vanilla, ppl overgeared their tanks relative to dps
and that trend likely to continue
because tanks are whores
they didnt tho. Ahlaundoh top dps in the game had tank using claw OH and tank was still miles ahead
shitty horde tanks "neeeded " it
because they suck at pressing buttons
well what are you talking about you just told me horde tanks needed THC
now you say claw bis
maitoz used claw long time too
maitoz one time used axe of the deep woods
so is ahlaundoh
its really not way different
in your normal guild, the tank probably could hold aggro just fine, on horde, without a THC
its not the most complex rotation in the world
you spam three buttons w world buffs
thats the meme but not the truth
man puts up his own sunders and still tops dps in kara
^
yep
meh again disagree they get a piece in every slot some dont value tier but they still got PLENTY of loot compared to the average dps
they got good upgrades
they also got everything first all game
again the tank needs to hold aggro and not die
then you gear your dps
idk I just tihnk that the tank that got DFT first, TF , doesnt have a good argument about "I dont get good upgrades in naxx so give me your bis sword to add nothing to raid"
idk your shits weird
but yea
could be different for your experience
fair enough
I think DFT tank first was the play.
I think THC to dps was the play.
its not just about the moment tho its about how DFT lasts them forever
and allows them to itemize
sure but .... meh the hit kinda ends up dead
and MOTC
and I had badge
so I really didnt care too much about it
and yea you STILL uSE DFT NOW
they say tier 3 is bad
but they use it to tank first kara
monka
its not being dense to point out that T3 wasnt completely useless
i mean I have argued plenty about THC to tanks in fight club. I have never seen a single convincing argument other than"poor tanks dont get much loot in naxx make them happy so they dont quit game"
they didnt have any sympathy for us dps warrs not geting any loot in any tier
i think we dont have to rehash it again anymore here
its old shit
point is tanks reach for alot of loot and I hope the meta doesnt make them overreach in TBC>
thats fine
they didnt take chromies?
are you ally?
because ally thc not even bis
for dps
alot of dps used flask every week too
meh
lol just our weapon. trinkets, and tier in tier 6
sadge
yea but will that REALLY stop them
based on classic metas
i dont think so
its not just shit guilds that simp their tanks so they dont complain
but yea I think we agree on what appropriate prio would be
the thing is the shittier you play, the more ppl think you need thrat items
lol
its like the worse tank you are the more you get to steal loots
i never saw the gressil
and then I sawpped lock for final raid
and there it is
not my tanks fault tho he didnt take one we just saw literally one all of vanilla
yea rip
I had the offpieces from naxx
like all of them
except neck
I played both in classic but my lock guild fell apart in naxx
being officer is awful
because even if you deserve the loot
you get accused of corrpution
if you take hte loot
its actually so mhuch worse in TBC too w kara splits
everyone complains about their split
no matter what
most annoying shit ever if you want to be on officers good side shut the fuck up about your splits
in stupid kara
fnacy zg
even if your like half joking
its annoying af
to spend hours trying to setup perf splits
only for some dude to complain he didnt get a ele shaman this week
like what?
well loot splits are one of many many things to consider for splits
yea I mean if you have shitty splits for loot
its one thing
but if you spend houirs trying to make sure its right
just for one selfish andy to complain
because he doesnt see the bigger picture
only what affects him
I appreciate the feedback and try to make it better but
at same time ppl usually are just being dumb and selfish
if you dont clear is it really the ppl who made the splits fault
mayb
or mayb its because some players just suck
agreed
prince dagger and t4 tokens
mayb spiteblade
i feel like lock ones are w our luck currently
we still need a metric fuck ton of helms
same bro
same
actually nvm
mage doesnt have
he a good boy
Your guild always sounds so depressing ryu
meh I just all powerful overlord  the caster loot and call ppl out on what items they are needing on and handle 4 splits of kara in officer chat loot council
but since splits are good
noone really complains
i just worry that we end up w locks that dont have T4 going into T5 if mages get to SR their tier
and then what
SR in T5?
my mge understands he gets looted in T5 and doesnt fuck us over in T4
yea exactly so you LC the mage shit in T5
but fuck the locks in T4
yea outside of helm it dont really matter
demo ðŸ˜®
what is this treason
id nver give it to a ret
thats is kinda where I draw the line
if you really think the ret is THAT much more reliable than every other DST contestant, then you probably need new raiders
arms is actually kinda overrated
arms situation is similar to affli situation
the meme is because they bring no support
and they beat locks because of 2 bm group
they cleave whenw e supposed to zerg
Curses?
locks actually bring plenty of support and still justify their slot w dps
without support
lol
in b4 12 locks win T5
???
kekw
mayb in this shit content cause hunters pwn ST bosses
not in any other raid
where trash dps matters
also hunters take more support than locks I bet 15 lock kills mag faster than hunter stack
yes I do think its a question of warr stack vs lock stack in T5
thing is theres enough anti melee mechanics
that war lock seems better than warr
like for trash bis clear its EITHER locks or warrs, for the bosses its probably gonna be locks w the edge
but yea your just trolling anyways and you know that alrdy.
disagree
25 man fights currently favor hunters,  but they still barely win. We need an actual fight to compare ST dps on
if you look prince, locks and hunter neck and neck
sure its 10 man
but you cant compare on silence fight and cube click banaish fight
top hunter has 3 lusts and doesnt clikc cubes
lock needs spriest and ele and fire mage
I think hunter probably does win on ST, but not by nearly as much as ppl think
top warlock on mag is only 300 dps shy of top hunter on mag, and got 1 lust.
compared to 3 locks
lusts*
yes.
300 with 2 lusts of difference?
bro
are you srs?
yall meta slaving
they didnt even seed the adds either
i honestly beleive that lock stack beats hunter stack on mag
he had 25% crit on incin
hardly a high roll
seed
seed adds
then nuke boss
hunter ST doesnt beat lock ST by much
seeding the adds is bis for a speedrun in maulgar too
zerging the boss is just parsing
i mean the fastest kill on mag was seeding w 5 lock before the hunter stack degen guild took it
yea you can manage to kick
there just is no lock stack degen guild
atm
meta slaves the fights favor hunters and hunters barely win
yea they took it again
the chinese
io was talking about resist kill then crispy kill
then chinese took it
we neeed actual PW fight to compare single target
prince

dominated by locks
and that is why they take more support than locks stabile
but I disagree, you say its cause of their support, I say its because the 25 man fights favor them
ignore, not addressing the argument just trolling
so annoying
we need 1 SP and 1 fire mage
if you dont count enhance or feral
you dont count ele or boomy
fire mage way better dps than a arms
spriest beats a rogue
so yes locks take less support and their support does more personal dps
and there is no evidence that hunters actually out dmg outside of fights that favor them
and you can seed mag adds
and you called me an actual retard
we just neeed ahlaundoh of locks to show these hunters we mean business
he says he play his lock in wotk lol
no shot you actually think hunters kill channelers faster
I think hunters , in 25 mans , outside of fights that favor them, only beat fire locks when their cds clip in favor og them
prove me wrong
:p
I explained this
you should read Alex
I looked at prince because obvs the 25 man fights favor hunters
meh I say the same about these fights
why the fuck look at fights where we get silenced half the time and have to click cubes and banish?
its same shit
if you think mag has any more bearing on the meta than fucking kara
your cooked
I explained clearly why i think warlock stack is bis for speedrun 25 man even in T4. Seed maulgar beats zerg maulgar, zerg maulgar is just cheese. Seed is best for speedrun. Warlock P1 channeler kill beats hunter stack.
stop bringing up 25 man parses for the fifteenth time and adress thje arguments
lock top parse is 1 lust
Did I misread it ill look

bruh
where the fuck is the 50% uptime
are you cooked
@Ghostah
actually trolling
1 fuckin lust bro
but they dont lol I just told you why and you agreed
seed wins channelers and wins the speedkill
your just coping now so you dont lose the argument after you called me an idiot
its 1 lust you liar
lmfao
yea wed have to see but I just think everyone saying hunter dominates are meta slaves and havent looked at numbers
ðŸ¤¡
sims
would be what you would run
you sim how fast you kill 5 channeler w seed
you sim the hunter dps
and you see who wins
and then you have to account for hunter sims doing a rotation noone in the world can do
IDK man stop simping hunters just cause fights favor them its retarded
shamans interrupt, locks interrupt
prove it alex.
just heal through kappa
how fast does lock stack kill 5 channelers
probably really fucking fast
everyone shadow wards takes noi dmg from 1 volley
and they are dead
its an argument but all of you ppl saying im dumb cant prove it
so am I really dumb
or are you guys meta slaves
hurr durr the 25 man parses say hunters are best ok
hunters can only arcane shot during knockaway and we tap to full
true,pets dont get knocked?
exactly why you cant trust the parses.
to say whos better ST dps
make them click because clicking takes more dps from you than them
and lust adds mroe dps to you than them
so get 3 lusts llike the hunters do
and I bet your on top.
esp if you seed adds.
make your hunters show their rotation during lust
lol
guarantee they cant even do the simmmed rotation in lust
and they still get less from lust than us
why you looking at logs when there are sims?
I wish
cmon ghostah your just trolling none of your arguments have had any mustard
cant even look at logs right
I made the arguments about the mechanics and the support and how you still win cause of seed.
theres not much more to say
we need a lock STACK guild. Resist DID seed and had top kill time but only like 6 locks or something
then got beaten
I cant really prove my point otherwise....
unless we use sims
and adjust sim results to approximate mechanics
but I think everyone who says hunter "dominates" t4 is cooked out of their mind
if hunters do win, its very very slightly .
not domination
yea I mean too much dogshit support need to be more degen
make dragonling work
and we win
easy clap
resist did kill skull then seed 4. Need to balls up and seed 5 with lock stack
Remeber stabile, the locks still banish and tongues too, need more locks to really see the edge of seed
are ppl actually not using tongues
every kill I see uses tongues
even the top top kills have tongues so idk man
I dont want to be in a warlock stack but its for the sake of argument
because ppl are retarded about hunters in T4
just cause of mechanics that fuck us
disagree
they dont tho
we just argued this for hour
not re hashing the argument for your sake
???
give me dragonling and 3 lusts and ill beat that hunter parse  :p
yea but they literally cant play properly , noone can match the simmed rotation
no human can do it
disagree.
the 25 man fights favor hunters lol
cant use mag to compare
cant use gruul
cant use 20 s maulgar
yea it is
you spend 4 hours in kara
you spend 1 hour in mag
ok mayb not 4 hours
calm down
but then naxx then
you gotta do naxx
naxx and kara take more time together than 25 mans
why the fuck would you ever care about 30 min of 25 mans
im not bad?
your just a troll bruh
eye roll
30 minutes then
whatever you wanna call it
except they dont on any fight that doesnt favor them in this content.
kara fights dont favor them
looool execept you yourself agree that warlocks can probably kill the 25 mans faster.
well they certainloy kill maulgar faster
gruul is eh
and seeding 5 targets shits on 1900
and they are dead
kekw
for once hannu on my side
love to see it
thats some cringe shit bro
loool
need more locks than jpaints guild
need 15 seed bros
5 stack
sac imp on transition
sappers
hell yea
jpaint
be the hero we deserve.
fuck all these haters
kekw onyxia 2.0 is where its at right?
the 20 minutes of fighting
and half spent flying
imagine optimizing the 20 minutes and not the hours of kara/naxx
it was just a fuckin random number to illustrate a point
shut the fuck up
hunters top parses on 20 minutes of 25 man content therefore hunter is better.
@Ghostah I wont remember you tmrw never mind next phase
joker boy
yea hunters can in theory do traps
Heezzy
I aint scared
but I dont really care what you say about my logs im not in a hardcore guild.
always the cringiest ppl come for your logs when they have no arguments.
and yours?
yea I farm you
no surprises.
I dont even have T4
at all
I pass
to others
because of
reasons
always funny when you try to measure cocks and end up with amouthful
fair
yea I wont knock your parses IDK your guild
I only make fun of jpaint parses
!jparse
whirlwind boss
it feels so strong when you get it.
its strong
I hit 9k incincs
with cds ofc
you made girdle but no spellfire man
idk kinda weirdchamp
I learned today that pala takes all our loot in T6
and I cry
feels like lock gets cucked all expac on loots
mages probably find some way to take sliver too
and skull
prot
t6 yea
and the tempest of chaos
Im with you hannu but since GCD is uncapped
they might fight for the skull
I hope not im just being depresso
lol I feelin kinda doomer
no way arc frost for raid dps atm. But then if you take my argument that kara and naxx are content that matters optimizing......
its an oof
yea but that is HEAVILY polluted by the 17 s maulgar zergs
its averaging 1/3 for maulgar zerg
look at just mag or just gruul foty
its better
but not by much
cant argue there.
yea sure, but its barely even better outside of fast fights
exactly, BARELY better
??? not on gruul mag
but yea if you bring in the maulgar zergs
o for sure on kara
like
the 7k netherspites
cant really touch that
yea just aoe cap arc fire wins
we been done this arcane fire song n dance
someone really does need to redo the Ryusei analysiss tho
I think its a bit pepega to be arcfrost for gruul mag fire lock is the clear winner there
but yea if you care more about kara/naxx
god if that set bonus ends up being OP we might be able to yoink over hunters
that would upset hunters dearly
and this pleases me greatly
ehhh
tall order
but sure
Hannu you should run all the sims for mages and locks that we neeedto show arc fire is bis
depends on kill times but the mage one is setupi to fuck us
need new one where we cut affliction for another fire destro
and dont do scuffed shadowbolt assumptions
that make shadow destro look better than it is
basically mage one assumes shadow destros have full T5 bis, 47% crit, and only spam shadowbolts.
cant recall the exact set, but its whatever was T5 bis on jpainsts sheet
sure
the bis analysis would look at average kill times and say a specific requirement for WHEN you run arc fire vs arc frost
EG: Average kill times are less than 5 min, average shadow destro crit is X%, Y warlocks in raid
means you do arc frost
something like that
lol
we need something like :
2 warlocks in raid - arc frost at 40% average shadow destro crit
3 warlocks in raid - arc frost at 44% crit
....
5+ locks - never arc frost
it needs to be a clean honest analysis
and kill times come in there too
has to be untenable by mage pepega arguments
given how much time we spend arguing bullshit here
we really should work on it
and yes I am aware that I am not exactly spearheading the work
but yea we should do it.
shamans could factor yes
you MIGHT even be able to factor what vate could do if it wasnt used on arc frost
like vate on boomy or something
thats a big MIGHT tho
I understand
in theory you swap the mage into the lock group for the boomy
and lust them
so you dont really give them lusts
fuck off LOL
no you dont
locks get more fromlust than  hunters even talked to hunter disc
not even hunter disc agrees with you alex
idk I think you are coooked I dont trust a word you say.
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/858073617891983360
@AlexTheSeal
locks > hunters for lust
okay so I linked the hunter who ran the numbers above
just search "little present for yea"
if you need to find them
but I think the analysis WAS slightly incomplete
not sure he really loooked at what happens if you pop cds in lust and such
he might have been hasty
full disclosure
in theory you swap a lock mage or hunter for boomy for lusts
however
its not so easy
lust swapping is ahrd man
I wish it wasnt su buggy
idk if anyone has a good way to do it yet
yea
hmm
thats fucked IDK if I can make some dude swap lusts for us outside of raid
I just wish like theyd back down the protection on it and make it easier
let us just fuck w groups w weakauras
or
give sated
go one way or the other
this "it works but breaks half the time"
shit
just sucks
bleh
your not wrong
but the current situation is kinda gross
ofc you do sigh
:p
yea you do
thats why its incomplete
could be better
but there is at least reason to believe locks should get lust
is 5% from boomy even worth if you caster stack and dont care about the hit
I dont think I can get someone to do 26th man raid tools shit
afaik Its protected function in combat
cant just weakaura it up
I asked around a bit before
theres a reason theres no weakaura yet
unless someone here in secretive guild has the sauce
yes^
so  in theory yes
I just dont have that option to me anyways
so
I would prfer that not be the solution
but yea mayb what you suggest works
IN theory then you can do smart prayer of healing
with 26th man
its fun to you know do degen parsing w triple lusts
and mix it up
triple lust your melee etc
its kinda neato
but its no fun when half the time it doesnt work
scuffs your plan
and makes you mald
yea its just not a thing for my guild but it IS cool
I actually hope the 26th man meta catches on, because then mayb blizz will do something about it
ye
probably happens here too
but yea not on that level
but yea man if anyone figures out
how to do this shit
manage swaps
in combat
fuck lemme know bro
I heard it works if you sawap ppl out into empty group
and then into empty slots
but even that fucked up for me once
even WCL could just say no lust swaps allowed
enforce sated basically on their own
I just hate this half assed "will it work" meta
guess so yea
sure
mayb WCL could detect groups
idk
whats possible
but shit sucks atm.
yea but how do you distinguish between someone who has double totem because of a swap
or because he stepped into range
its a mess
thats what we are talking about Vi
we are talking about how to prevent lust swaps but allow double shaman groups
and im saying that its hard to tell double totems were a swap or a actual 2 sham group
bleh
so if I step out of range of my totems for mechanics too much
I lose my parse
because it counts as lust swap parse
sigh your not even reading
its fine bro
yes yes lust chains
I was just bitching about how swapping groups doesnt work
and musing about various ways to fix it
my issue isnt that swaps exist or not, my issue is that half the time group swapping doesnt fucking work
so id just rather have sated than sit there trying to get broken UI to work
hes trolling you
its spell hit bro
its lock prio
yes
fire mage technically wants it just as much as us
but you know
fuck mages
also mages get more out of spirest group really
we tried mage in ele group and I asked mage disc they prefer the spriest group
yea but in the end they do want the spriest group not the ele
if they get ele in spriest group its a bonus
depens on fire mage/spriest
same situation as normal destro
flame cap
but mana pot over destro
most of the time
for fights where you save taps
if you can get free taps, like say when mag knocks you around
no mana pot
or if there are major vulns (like on mag)
gruul specifically it depends
if you are safe tapping during shatter
you dont really need more taps
but
that is tough sometimes
you might die
yea but typically I find I still have to static tap
because I might die overtapping in shatter
but if oyu can buy a healer for shatter
better to sim it
but basically if it saves you taps*
then
mana
yea I mean sim to be sure but
usually mana wins handily
sims have cds too
I basically only destro when there is vuln or when its short kara fights
maulgar zerg destro
mags destro because I never have to static tap
not bis
but its good
yea itss probs your best wand pre black stalk
unless you need the hit
and then theres arcatraz wand
lol
what was it
it doesnt crit
your trying to make it land while the cubes are clicked
ideal doom situation is it lands while cubes are clicked, you had succ sacced, you casted it while your cds were popped, and when it pops improved shadow bolt is up on the boss
also you used amp curse because of meme spec kekw
you wont get as big dooms w imp sacced
but the concetps are the same
yes you try to pop doom as soon as boss spawns
to get it to land on first vuln
the following dooms are still kinda tricky
theres a bit of RNG involved too
the DBM timer
is like his CD
but he doesnt always cast it
right after timer
if you had perfect robot god gamers, you could delay clicks to ensure dooms land
I also dont think its worth to pop coolies just for doom
just saying that how to get a big doom
but id recommend doom while you move to position as the boss is pulled
you alrdy poppedd coolies on channeler pull
they will be up for first vuln
(depends how fast you kill channelers ofc)
and use coolies for vulns generally
in theory, your second doom has coolies popped
but it doesnt land on vuln for me second time
third time I can try to time the doom I think
idk maybe someone has a better way to play it
not really a topic but we do tank things on Leotheras and Illidan
nah
dont think you spec special for it
I think aggro actually does matter
even tho ppl think it doesnt
IDK we try to like , not kick arcane missile so he doesnt run at ppl
but it doesnt actually work
I recommend soul shatter so its not on you :p
theres a stack of books in the room as you walk in
if you stand behind those books
you wont get sucked in
hot parser tip
we just have all ranged stack on books , AOE heal through blizzard ( ignore  all mechanics basically)
and lust for the win
dont even banish or fear just heal through adds
Aoe in range and yes on occasion that wipes us
But the call is to break the stack if he runs at us
I really want to make the tank threat the boss
So he doesnt move
Or big dick fury holds it
And we shatter
Just dont move
Flmane wreath  hurts you if you move through ring
They move yes but our dps is so juice we just ignore
2 of them dont move 2 do ye
like we have pretty cracked players tho
YMMV
its very healing intense they get 99 everytime
god that curse is aids
sheesh hot boy parse tips not even tested
ye
well once you tell ppl about thebook
good luck getting solo books
theres actually mutliple books in room you can use tho
thats pretty insane
I was up at 5k on netherspite beam but we had shit other dps
so we had to 2 phase
and I fell to like 3k
incin crit for 20k at the tip
and I fucked my cds they werent even up
surprised you didnt rip off tank there
why is there no tank on the meter
loool
o is this a normal
and the boss is like lv 62
okay bro
thats why
loool
easy to crit mob thats 8 level below
haha yae still funs
noone shittalks hunters except me and mayb paint
you all just shit talk me
for shit talking hunters
he does a cc ability on his target and drops IIRC
polymorphs them
anyways p sure you just have to make 2 ppl blast him and juggle
^
yea I thought it was just have boomy tank him for the zeerg
well if its just 1 caster hitting him they pick him back up then right
they cause the drop because they walk up to him?
i wear eye of the night myself
and ask the caster to wear the more cucked neck lol
three necks all stack yep
interesting
2 SP necks and the crit neck
so we rotate which we use
throughout the raid
to maintain uptime
30 min duration 1 hr cd so
gotta have everyone bring all 3
you look at logs to confirm
twilight owl
jade pendant of blasting
eye of night
if your gonna meme spec might as well play DN
its not just ape boomkin?
shadowfury better than SM
nop
the stack of books
looks like a oblong stack of books
about the height of a  dwarf
theres a few in room, but one is at the entrance
on the right
facing boss
shit quality video I found
but its those books on the right

we stand and tank it but our healers go god mode
its healable p easy if you have 2 aoe healers
or CoH priest + resto druid
if you had like Hpal Resto druid (no AE heal) it might be hard
or like IDS preist Hpal
our healers love it tho
gives them big parse
just remember if he walks on you he will silence your whole stack
you have to break the stack
if he decided to run at you
try to have a melee top threat
i think it helps
i dont really know
we try not to do that
he still runs
but seems to run at top threat
we do that tho
he still runs
I think the play is make your tank threat, or everyone shatter and it stays on like a fury or w.e
they just dps the shit out of it
when I have a warrior pumpin him he doesnt move
when I dont he moves
idk hard to be sure
its a 0 armor boss w debuffs so they do get rage
and they do alot of threat / dmg
Its not like you need spellfire gear to play fire lol
Imagine thinking your stuck on shadow cause you made fsw boots
Thats what some locks in my guild do
Even if you have fsw , if you have fire mage, should be fire lock
Yes
P sure that is long disproven
If you have 4pce t4
This is all in pins
Look top 5 parses on bosses
How can he argue
Louki just says things sim for yourself
Not like you cant play fire w 4pce
Why dont ppl sim lmao
I mean they 1 g vs the 20g dark runes for shadow
Its a bonus not detriment lol
I mean I can but time is money
And flame caps way cheaper
Your lame
Point proven
Incin feels so much better than bolt spamming and Way better than dogshit demo bolts and corr hard cast
My incin literally hits harder
Lol
https://tenor.com/view/look-at-this-graph-nickelback-gif-12683147
what is dogshit
just dont swap quags
swap your other trinket
1/2
Depends if shadow or fire
always T4 shoulders, if you are shadow then second in boots
else for fire I did spellstrike
the boots for fire own
i find it annoying trying to maintain hit cap w chain
because I usually use eye of night/brooch
i know but I dont have that one
and realistically a setup w brooch is the same dps
within 1 dps of each other on sim
hit on gloves is bad but its one way to shore up the hit you lose in my situation
ele?
are you full yellow gemmed
better off gemming yellow
than enchant
We need to make forum post for arc dragonling/battle chicken
keep the arcane mages down
our warrior dual wielded every kara fight except nightbane last night, and he had untouchable god threat
never seen a bear even come close to that
like noone will ever rip
can do on kara/ maulgar/gruul first half
til he gets big
no way is it "barely better than with a shield" the threat is insane (but possibly overkill)
yes
I do agree that it can be overkill threat
but for farm content dual wield is a great option
p sure warrs can be crushd
if they dual wield
lol
thats not true lol
you always make these weird examples stabile "barely better threat than shield warr"
"same as warrior normal hit"
o come on
loool
i still tihnk bear is bis dont worry dont get self concious
but uhh like in kara if I get multi lust I can still rip off bear
not a dual wield warr tho
yea I mean the warrs arent getting 3 bm buffs when they tank either
something to consider
im not even saying warrs are better than bears calm down
im saying they arent as shit as some think
thats all
i was just tryna help my man lockman out
with his tanks
agree
yea but do you even pump bro
lol your banned
said warr dual wield kara is good
gg
our warr threat is fine even w a shield on - either bear or prot doesn just fine for us
on mag
but bear does seem stronger
for sure
pvp trinket doesnt fucking work
its a lie
I tried trinket 2x now
even farmed the new one
just to try
it doesnt fucking work man
tell me what im doing wrong
wtf I have tried 2x now
I cant use it during repentance
do I have to pop early?
it doesnt say it gives immune effect
show me a log
of you breaking it
with the trinket

barely anyone using pvp trinket
the one guy who did killed before repentance
yes she forgets sometimes
nah I get easy 99 eating repentance
just get good
yea
ive had 1 kill where she doesnt cast
most of the top kills kill before repentance
LOL
5-6
never seen more than 1
even on week 1
STILL WAITING FOR SOMEONE TO POST LOG
OF PVP TRINKET WORKING
so far I have looked at 2 logs and both of them had trinket equipped and didnt use
pvp trinket doesnt work change my mind
stop spreading misinfo
made me spend 8k honor on trinket that dont work
3 logs now
our tank drags maiden on top of ppl to break them out
4 logs now
show me a log of someone using trinket to break out
who uses it?
yea no
the lock breaks out cause of holy ground
he doesnt use trink

I have tried both now
I cannot use the trinket during repentance
im horde
I honestly have no clue how you guys are using it man
It JUST DOESNT tho for me I cant cast that shit when im repentanced
ive used both
used shitty cheap one
farmed new one w resil
alliance trinket OP?
yea I think it is
finkus I looked your log
you didnt use it
no unfortuenatly
doesnt appear to show in casts
@Ghostowl mayb im crazy but I think you broke out of first one w holy ground second w life tap batching
in your log
ye I do believe you
just
im not crazy shit dont work for me
O
MAYBE ITS THIS?
shiiiit
yea I figured
ive tried both they have the same wording
but I cant really argue with that video
IDK man
really
I mean it kinda closes it but I promise you I cant hit that button during repentance
could be UI bug I guess
hmm
actually okay I have a theory
I think last week I used the shitty old one - and this week I hit my macro on pull and used the trinket early, put on CD
because my macro just uses both trinkets
just alar lol
and some fire immune adds on illidan
I mean thats pretty huge
thats like saying 6 is only 6% increase on incin
but that is huge
basically 6% dmg
they do go fire in T6 if they have the gear
but if you think your getting prio in T5
then prio on a full new set of loot in T6
to do less dmg than warlocks
your cooked
ye
no
but AB is still capped at 0.75
currently
still cant stackk haste as arcane
unless arc fire lol
yes
which is retail cap afaik
mayb pserver locks casted shadowbolts because skull would over cap their incins
and didnt want to admit fire good and lose skull
yes that looks right
and
there is the macro pinned
in #interface
!dn
Crix has a video  for it on youtube
anyone know if you wear T4 gloves + T4 helm and break spellfire to get 2 pce?
when I dont have the shoudlers
as long as you have fire mage / late T5
ill sim it lol
just askin
alright
thought so
i mean its a clear upgrade
such werid questions
we cant decide what is "worth" for you?
I mean do whatever
i aint no slacker tho bro
you need to get a nether vortex or w.e
and that is going to be melee prio first
and probably prio to ppl who bought their bis belt after that
exactly
???
you guys dont have arms warrs or rets or anyone w BS weapons?
you think you get belt of blasting over enhance dragon weapon?
yea thats retarded
esp if your skipping girdle
1 weapon
lol
levleing BS and making the weapon is exp af outside of the nether
I have full bis spellfire/shadow set and I would never try to yoink that over a BS weapon
you basically take back seat hard in T5
and then come knocking in T6
i didnt make any FSW because I am spellfire
runiation
seed set
gemmed various gear for shadow
like
auchenai robes
dont get panties in a bunch over a dumb belt
wait to get panties in bunch for the loot that matters
yes crit for seed
nah noone cares
to prove you wrong
have fun w shadow
lol your just trolling we had this discussion a million times
not my arcane mages lulw
lol napkin math is p cringe
but 99% of guilds dont have kill times that justify arcane in ANY capacity
in this phase
are you top 1%?
if not
nah
me
innervate me pls
not without amazing kill times really
post logs
lets see the frost bolt casts
on your arcanes
your godly arcanes
sheesh can we just give stabile  a feral shill role
at this point
has there been any 3x spriest feral parsers
yet
he ran away when I siad post logs
spoiler if your arcanes are casting frostbolts
they should be fire
it really kidna is
run some mage sims
if your having to cast fillers you might as well be fire
we did it a long time ago
its like 80 dps for spriest or some shit
and it compeltely depends on kill times
its alot of work
there yae go
spriest actually takes dps from shadow destros too
like
its kinda a wash in a way
and affliction loses 0 because dont run affli easy
so its like can your arcane do 300 more dps than a fire? no not even top in world can
so see yea
and also fire is more than 100 dps over shadow
in this phase
try again?
no point
baited
by a arcane simper
your right hannu
fire can do that too
fire icy veins can easily reach imp blizz
for not even significant dps loss
dont even let them use that one
yea theres actually some players who understand doing whats best for raid dps in the game
I know
crazy
Odaal said arc fire will be bis
and hes litearlly best pve* mage
in the game
I mean he is
objectively top parses all of vanilla
knows his shit
yawn hannu
your a bigger joke than tbc parses
your playing your summon alt
you are a cat nip meme
i dont
lol
i farm summon alt
I was this week I twilight owled
but my parses dumpster yours
i agree hannu just had to try to flex
hannu just really annoying
heezzy
kil luci before adds
kill gehe befor4e adds
cleave mag adds  for no reason
aoe majordomo
then its zerg before buffet using wbuffs and ubrs buff
hearth out of cthun
there was plenty of cheese
its cheese if it doesnt kill the dungeon faster
like killing a boss before adds
instead of full AOE
i kinda wish like maulgar was a parse that ended when they all died
WCL could actually do that
and it would be more interesting parse meta
have to try to kill all together
I disagree I think killing adds after the parse is over is the cheese
you gotta kill the adds to finish dungeon
why the fuck do they not count
WCL has a history of picking arbitrary/random adds that copunt/dont count
yo should skeram illusions not count either?
since you can zerg skeram down
it would but the illusions still count as dps
not on nef
no
they counted at start
and then got changed
no both
no they dont
okay they changed it back then?
yes
at one point they didnt count
I can promise you that
nope
it was changed back but IIRC for most of the relevant phase , phase 3 they did NOT count
they counted for first few weeks p 3
then didnt count
then later on much later on count again or something shit
also
mag adds always counted
for no good reason
the MC boss
not the channelers
cheese always exists . I think if adds dont despawn at end of boss they should 100% count
just my opinion
so ?
who fucking cares
you still lose to the fast kill time guild
and it wasnt 600 but k
no it isnt literally the definiton of cheese
hearthing out all your mana users so you can have warriors kill cthun stomach fast
now thats cheese
but thats allowed
its just arbitrary random bullshit
and never stoped anyone from cheesing
always was cheese ðŸ§‘â€ðŸš€  ðŸ”«
killing adds that you ahve to kill to finish the raid is hardly cheese
compared to some shit ppl did
thaddius w light of elune?
allowed
hearth out for cthun alllowed
those top guilds got khira in the pocket
just the way it is
sure you can
did they cast hearthstone
if they can recreate a replay of all the characters in raids positon
they can detect hearths
just cba
or mayb bakers paid em off
who knows
yea
I mean whatever
point is cheese and the rules around cheese are random arbitrary shit most of the time
and never stops ppl
so who fuckin cares
lol it definitely can be
killing maulgar fast and then zoning out because your 2 healer comp cant survive the rest
is p cheesy if you ask me
cheese is a matter of opinion
if you actually wanted to speedrun the raid youd AE them down
not zerg and zone out
and run back
so that shits not cheese because its "killing boss fast"

but fucking sappering adds that YOU HAVE TO KILL to finish is cheese
okay dude
you get my point
its random arbitrary shit parses are memes always have been
doesnt stop us from jerking off to them
yawn
same shit
diff day
mmm really depends on what im doing
for a grilled cheese sandwhich? Muenster/Gruyere together is really great
nice melting cheese + nice sharp flavor
red seedless
keep em coming
jpaint never cheeses
hes lactose intolerant
suicides on maulgar just to prevent his guilds cheese from success
hes a real champ
hell yea
playing the game properly
at least someone
does
prolly that they are white grapes or some shit
thats stupid
thats how you make me say DN is bad
when you forcing amp dooms
because of your spec
mayb that IS worth if your only caster in raid
in that case your splits are trash
only time I troll doom is on slow curator
yea I wouldnt fuck your arcane for a non dps gain
just ele
be the change yo want to see in the world
play for the team
not yourself
thats why I said
be the change you want to see
thanks tho for your input
#notallmages
how can we flame mages
if we have DN bros dooming
over ele
sick pun btw
class trainer in org
you do the math yourself and lemme know
idk w amp doom
coe is 10% of all the dmg you do in 1 minute
say you do 1.5k DPS
thats 90 000 dpminute
99000 with ele
or you doom and gain how much in a raid ?
in a heroic*
but ele lasts 5 min
so if you redoom each time
thats not a dps gain
lol
elements
nuff said
what the fuck you expect me to hold myself accountable
I aint no fucking mod
ghostowl one day youll get me
ill wait
nice parse jbro
the soulfire precast
bold move cotton
no fetish
no enchants on rings paint
you got some kinda profession scam
you keeping from us?
ah doesnt show I guess
if i hover shows
interesting choice of shadowburn at end
over conflag
its better I guess?
to let the immo roll?
same 4 topics?
we should talk about ISB interaction w shadowfury again
dive brings the juicy topic
newbie questions owns
@jpaint no fetish
precat soul fire
after dying weeks on end
your kinda spicy arent you
just dogshit
i feel like you jebaited me
saying that fetish is bis
only not to use fetish yourself
but then I see that you also didnt use essence of the martyr
and I figure your just bad
or simmed it
and decided it was better
you guys seed mags or
will i be disappoint
just more ammo for T6 boys
sadge
or mayb hunter beast lord til T6 meta
i dont fuckin know
4pce w vash robe?
thatd be pretty slick
sad cause its my fave looking set too
but now we all knee deep used passing T5 to justify T4 prio
well get it eventually right
just kick hunters
in the end
its 1 phase bis
that we short stick on
its not gonna be better than T6
so fuck it
T6 ammunition
dont have a pet
hunters do
and we do most dps outside of hunters
who else tocompare to
we are king dick
besides BM hunters
also just classic caster shit
we gotta move to click
melee can basically keep hitting boss
while click
etc
sim it
but spellfire set
imagine having talon but not simming
kinda cringe
he prolly looked at the spell info or something on wowhead
SHOW SEED SET
"full bis"
Doesnt show seed set doesnt show spell stats/hit rating just base stats
gems
show the epic gems
p nice tho
ppl simp their druid tanks
its a thing
big rewards for pressing maul
shoulda hit ele after soulfire
so no
your trash
do you even pvp
have you ever soulfired ever
also no seed on mags
you lied
all jokes aside gj paint
gz on not dying
and doing dmg
I like how your comp has 6 fire locks no affli
you soulfire>immo> finally ele
yea I mean
we cant all be god gamers
so will you fetish
now that you had to shatter?
or no because
next week you kill in 20 s?
also seems you opted to not enslave at all
which I think is a mistake really
thats abig dmg increase
even if its not good for parse
also I dont see MGI
which is kinda
awkward?
coulds saved yourelf a global if you had an enslave
taunt
ALSO WHERE IS YOUR IMP
CMON BRO
YOU SHILL SO HARD
YOU SCARED TO IMP?
next lock talk should be me breaking down everrything jpaint misplays in his raids
just dont look at my logs ever pls
k thk
and then ppfairy can come tell us how demo is clearly better because of all star points
I could do a segment on why coming from my warrior has been a boon to my warlock game play
I went form 3 buttons to 2
so
its like training yea know
im just a shill
I dont actually play that shit
I learned from paint
fun fact I actually made DN to farm heroics on beta before it was cool or had fancy name
the locklore checks out if you look at history
back then we called it Chadowfury Destro
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/843339990582427688
fine guess it wasnt DN
just some shit shadowfury spec
but the foundation
was set
I consider that more the ground floor
green beam were the beams
the roof is nightfall
yea
ghostowl is the parapet
use consumes have support
press the 2 buttons
logs?
could also try the log review channel
no no post in log review im an idiot
ok which of these fights
do you think you played your heart out
second best?
spite is weird to look at
okay right awy
DONT USE CORRUPTION
as fire
if you want parses
your gonna need to work on gear a bit obvs
violet badge is pretty
weird
then I would like to see at least some mana pots
and flame caps would be nice as well
thats fine
but I wouldnt expect to parse in this gear thats all im saying
now
conflag usage
conflag is only when you are moving
and dont have to tap
or as a finisher
corruption STOP USING IT

you have this trinket
but I dont see uses in logs
can make a trinket macro that uses all your trinkets/bloodfury/ flame cap/destro pot
/use 13
/use 14
/cast blood fury
/cast flame cap
etc
/cast incinerate
/cqs
this will pop all your trinkets and queu an incin
w 0 delay
in gnereal try to tap when you have to move or otherwise cant dmg
Curator you want to doom after the fourth spark comes out
and you will land doom right when he evocates
for big damage
in gneral trying to just cast immo and incin
and tap only when necessary / moving
I think this enough to go over for now
lemme know if you have questions
60
lol
but more usually you do a ramps and  a BF turn in quests maybe a few more BFS to 62
hahaha
yea kinda  shit post ngl
youll get much better results JUST by dropping corr from rotation
never mind all this other stuff
idk happens to us sometimtes too
not on maiden specifically just in general
yea so
your good
60 is fine
mayb even earlier
cheers
try to get your badge trinket
theres content
that ppl just dont do
pvp
farm for the talbuk mount
is p sweet
im starting to work on talbuk mount
I think its sexy af
and the quest line talks about thralls momma
kinda fun
rep farms
fishing dailys
cooking dailys
^
crafting a beautiful santa suit
for orgrimmar
fishing?
enchanting for rings
farming for patterns
can craft/farm alot of awesome pvp gear
and blast noobs in BGs
seed set
shadow set
prep mats for next phase tailor gear
do the TK attune
do the SSC attune
get champion of naaru title
TK attune
at least do the attunes
before you raid log
and expect a spot next phase
oh hmm
I like doing all the completionist things personally
not big on alts either
tho they are nice for your guild
no
but @Aloysius does

@Vi
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/860611321443385344
can read convo after
I make some comments on it
violet eye signet is slightly better than ring of recurrence for example
madness trinket from zg worth considering
and of the invoker greens
for brcaers/boots
badge cloak another easy yoink
if you dont have crit cloak
No I like pumpin and beating myself. Its my opinion that ppl who do this dont actually enjoy the game
They just like the dopamine hits from loot
Play path of exile
Rather than playing loot collector and quit and leaving 24+ ppl in dust
Only when moving and dont need to tap
And late into immo ticks
Nah
Thats just my opinion and yea I help run a guild so im familiar w this type
And PoE is great game for that
Again I think that some ppl enjoy improving
Even as a group
I like pushing the content trying new strats
Doing things better/faster
Healers probably most susceptible because it gets boring and easy as you get better
But even then you can start dpsing
In between heals
Retail style
Wish more healers did that
Totem twist / adding dps from healers that arent doing much can really push shit further. Tho the meta atm is just bench em for dpsers
P sure its easier to lv now
From what ive heard
resto shamans get amazing later on but kinda struggle to output atm
yea probs
i feel like if I was a bored healer I would get some SP gear and slap it on for maulgar zerg for example
then heal on gruul more traditionally
rather than chasing impossible parses
when other guilds are 3 healing it
its dogshit but it makes a differennce
imo
Mayb rough for druid
But I know a priest that flexes into smite
Dmg is quite nice
Esp the novas on trash
Burn also eats shards and is a waste of isb charge
Not worth gemming for 1
Or w e you would do
Mayb consider eye of the night as a neck
If you want a bit more hit
Whats your current neck
I sit 163 w brooch 164 w eye currently
Isb raid dps nerf
Bad
Check out eye of the night craftable
1 more hit
Bis neck
In phase
Sounds like your guilds trying to get you guys involved but lacks tanks or something to give constant slot
Its not normal for just ranged
We have too many druids atm
But it happens in guilds
Can find a consistent spot somewhere else or give your guild time to grow. If they get to 50 and 2 25s your in it
It has 10 charges
And a 1 hr cd
Its kinda fancy
Yea kinda our situation
But some vets are late to 70 and didnt have constant spot til we had enough for 2 teams
But you know we worked to get that 2nd team online to include our friends yea know?
We didnt leave em limbo and we wouldnt leep like 10 hunters in limbo either
Yea some ppl will never be
Yea I mean if you like your guild talk to an officer ask if he thinks you should wait for spot or try to look to raid elsewhere
lock talk episode 2
when will jpaint get cam

hannus guild
would simp a feral
adds up
LOTP stacking?
but does it stack
uhh
how do you get chicken to sqawk even
it doesnt fucking combat doesnt seem to do shit currently
have you gotten dragonling to work?
we tried them and they seemed to just not do shit
dragon AND chicken
eh no
Id try to get another socket bonus
out of a blue slot
O  IDK about the FR set
Hey stabile post your set when you finish
scryers Bgem for more hit stabile?
I knew that scryers would be bis  :p
Does XN have servant quarters bracers yet
man farmed for drakestone
Ryusei said you want to be shadow for illhoof in lock talk
I would like to point out that the 100 parse is currently just STing the boss with fire
the vuln is fat
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/2qQDPNw3rtGj7vgV#fight=62&type=damage-done&source=14
@Ryusei
get good
this is also how I personally get best results on that fight
seed is so iffy in various group comps
melee lock sheeeeesh
why
just why
think your on your own for this one
dont think many ppl will have an answer for you
havent seen anything great for that
problem is if you optimize for buffs and synergy, you dont have good loot splits
slap a buncah BM hunters together with enhance for kara
not exactly the play
I mean yes you dont get 100 parses with slacker dps in raid
I just find if you have like ele / hunter / fury warr or something their incidental cleave dmg while focusing on the boss is plenty to clean imps
and its worth noting that you have a fat vuln on illhoof
and incentive to ST him during that vuln
yea plenty of answers to imp
outside of seed
yea the top one is double spriest for double mind soothe hit capped
for max skippage
with invis  then
yea most heroic clears are p cheesy
bringing all stealth classes
or multi soothes
is the meta
some ppl in my guild are 3rd on all stars for heroics
but lol its so memey
qt
i didnt because cba to enchant T4 gloves
ryu said no
bu then jpaint said yes
on lock talk
when you say its worth
by how much dps
is it worth
like sliver?
or significant?
that feel when you have 3 epic gems in your spellstrike legs
and paint says wear T4
there is some thing about ranks affecting it I heard too
like all spell ranks not just spell lock
i kinda did too
i low rank bainsh all the time
ppl were talking about mags eye and using lower ranks
sounded very sus
ty
Quag > Icon even if you pop in vuln phases
?
hmmm
i thought bogstrok dude tested that
and said it was on equip
kellar or w.e his name is
if its not a plain white spreadsheet filled w paints incoherent ramblings scribbled everywhere
I dont trust it
try pressing F9 or holding F9 or chaing duration
i dont fucking know
just do it
something something local minima
mage atiesh is shit
warlock atiesh is bis
beam weavin sheeesh
mages just get a boner if their rotation includes AB
makes em feel cool
uhh no
the mindblade is bis for 2 full phases
only replaced by BT gear
you dont take that shit from ele/spriest
if you dont want ele / spriest to fight you on vash robes
you dont fight them on their 1 weapon
they can get
wrong
you want vash robes
i really dont advise locks take the one dagger those classes can use for 2 full phases
very scummy
youll get leviathan or something
you say o  its kara loot shouldnt matter
but then your saying kara loot does matter
because you have to wait til t5
cmon foty its scummy bro
and thats fine
the og question was about friends item
dont fuck your friend
they literally get nothing until BT
its the correct play not to take mindblade
this is how you end up losing leviathen becuase you have a dogshit dagger
and yea its p rare for us too
no guarantee they get their dagger
and then you gotta farm kara longer
for them
unless you just want them to ACTUALLY have no weapon for 3 phases
and expect them to not come for your loot
gl w that
pass the dagger
its the right thing to do.
period
we dont want zdoom
they will pass alot til them
then*
and yes theyll want zdoom but you have option to give the trash mace
if your really fucked for loot
regardless, getting 1 weapon and sitting on their off gear and not going vash robes and sunking neck is reasonable for them to expect zdoom, in my opinion
the spriest disc has a very dtailed list of what items are worth making a fuss about and what they will pass and I find it quite fair
its basically
dagger
zdoom
pass everything
else
and thats totally reasonable
its big if they hit certain breakpoints
that allow for diff rotaiton
otherwise p usless
so thats why they want just zdoom and not a buncha haste shit in sunwell
monka
I didnt read that far
idk about that one
but the zdoom bit
i mean every single piece they want
will
but I dont really think giving them a few fucking items
is unreasonable
mayb not double rings
but this is ALL THE MORE REASON not to fuck them on the dagger bro
LOOOOL
your not entirely wrong but curator arcane immune
and arcane kinda trash for nightbane
Crit
obvsa TLC bypases AE cap
im not sure if that makes it good tho
like just the basic function of it
it shoots lightning bolts
its not even ae
I have it and it just doesnt seem good man
How do you know its better than say zg trinket
At ae cap
On how mamy mobs
Barely capped is diff than super fuckin capped
Yea TLC has never done anything notable for me and I did alot of shh w it
If it procs and closest mob dies before bolt lands its 0 dmg
From my testing even shiffars is beyter
But I know that is anecdote
I think the problem w tlc is there just isnt any extended ae cap situation
1 bolt that lands on dead target half the time
Best i have done is like a 2k bonus in shh and that felt lucky
Yea i could see it working better here but in practice when do I use this
When am I ever in ectended capped situation
Feel like zg on cd on kara trash
Seems much more usable tbh
I might try to trio the boss w 3 locks this weekend
Madness boss
yea
if it goes bad we run and doom
lol
pick up a swiftness zanza
on the way
would the imp tank better than lv 70 vw tho
ye
well it is 10 levels above boss or w.e
should barely get touched
eh
if I can soul siphon keep it up against a 63 boss
then
we can slow roll it
hell avoid so much dmg
???  === 64
63
is that not how it works
really
really?
wtf
how I not know that
are you sure
that seems
off
huh
we do some aqs too
not every week tho
ye just clear to visc
and leave
for brooch
yea 4 pce + spellstrike legs
scryers gem bis
imagine being aldor
no for res sets
as was foretold
make a 13% set with fire res no bgem
just do naxx
get bis enchant
and be bis for tanking encounters
all game
fotys guild does AQ but hes aldor???
why
o good
naxx is fun tho now
seed go brr
you dont do that part of aq
just visc
never was
our locks made such a huge deal about it
I tired it and it was dirt easy hit doom every time never any problem
they always would fuck up doom, somehow die????
it costs like 0 gold to do first aid
bro its literally like 3 stacks of cloth
and maxed
lol
im kinda sad I did ench
I dont think its better than engi
and
cost a bunch of gold and
invulnerability belt?
theres a fuckin belt I can use in arena if engi that is a LIP?
and noone said shit
o ok
chanimal said belt owns
thats all i know really
orange is best value
very simple math
no because you cant gear around it
youll overcap w all yellows
under cap yes 8 hit is better than 4 hit 5 sp
but 1 yellow 1 red better off doing 2 orange
the best simming set is all oranges and green epic hit gems
for the 2 blue slots
reds will be useful later when gear has tons of hit I think
yea yea
nah
you can get one more socket bonus using the blue elsewhere @Ghostowl
id even take the stam socket bonus as fire
what about using that high stam pvp neck w a blue gem in your leo set?
it has a gem slot
o we alrdy solved it w belt of divine blue gemmed
purple in helm kinda gross but I guess
i have green 1 in spellstrike
green 2 in shoulder
as a fire boy
the shaggy meme is amazing
is there something I need to tell my tank to do
to soulfire on pull
or is MD enough
what if resist
lol
kekw
that doesnt work anymore
taunt is a melee hit ability now
so I guess if he has hit cap
cant resist
well foty YOUR the one who made that little log analysis pic of all top parses bing fire
XN is still shadow and is in a top guild
and hes not parsing
like
the diff is "small" or perhaps overrated
but
its pretty clear
sure
kill time , feels a bit less relevant to parsing for me as lock vs warr
like
cd uptimes are less important
I get 99s with bad kill times cause fire I feel
yea it is I suppose
hmm
idk I guess I just feel like I do a nice consistent 1.8kish dps and thats enough to 99 even fi fights go long right now
which wouldnt be the case on my warr in vanilla
for pushing higher than that for sure
kill times matter
i think ppl wouldnt be so hard on shadow destro if there wasnt the Demo option that just seems better
yea BS weaps first
easily
is there a way I can not get rolled by hunters in the world
while being PvE spec
or do I just die
I been trying a buncha shit, cc pet, cc hunter
I just get rolled and none of my cc works
!LMGTFY
you need to react to the #role-selection  to see channels
still a decent way to go but there are options for leveling
react in role-secletion and check out pins in the tbc-leveling channel
lol managing a guild is hard work but I dont think officers should get specially looted just for being officers
but if I deal with everyone's dumb complaints about roster, spend hours making rosters so everyone can raid, and still top pump you bet im takin something
yea the problems come when ppl start threatening to quit over loot. If you threaten to quit over one item, then it makes me really not want to give you something
because ppl who threaten quit easy always do quit
eventually
probably the play yea
theres that one guy where if I make any change to "his" split in kara he messages me
the ppl who message me are never the dps pumpers in shit splits. Its a prot paladin that wants to solo tank kara to parse and a few healers who chase healer parses.
eh it threat caps ppl
I mean if you need the prot pala solo tank to make your splits work by all means
I dont believe this is true
not convinced
like sure threat can be mostly fine but if im pumping and string crits
yes I get capped
I mean it works fine
but I genuinely dont believe a geared prot pala can hold ST threat against pumpin dps in this phase
no
2 heal 2 tank
but we were musing about mayb even doing 8 dps
only if you dont 1 phase
the prot pala cant tank the stupid magic immune adds
we farm beast boss
everyone is exalted
lol
yea same no skip 90 min run chill funs
speedrunning kara is better than this dogshit 25 man kill time meta
why I find that fun
like trying to shave seconds off a maulgar is depresso. pumping through kara is a good time
sure parses are "meme" or whatever but its just fun
gonna try to get our ele shaman 100 parse on netherspite for funs today
what kinda skips are you doing Louki
I have no interest in sweaty petri skips to shave off minutes of kara
but if theres some fun ones
how do those work?
we kill all trash pre opera because we heard thats only place that drops a certain enchant
cant remember which one
not everything
you just dont skip
right
your not going into the kitchen
clearing out trash
yea
same for us
do you hate yourself now
or alrdy did
nice
i haz them
w the boars speed
but only seen 1 drop
like personally have everything? no
when all our main raiders
maybe
beast farm 6 days a week
splits for beast loot bb
do those shadow wrath bracers actually last
looked at t5 bracers
seem very comprable
so I guess that means pass shadow wrath bracers to spriest
at this point
no shot its bannable
so many ppl do it
its just rep farming kappa
well it was a thing in OG tbc
its a thing in retail still
its not a boss
so many ppl have done it
sheeeeesh
our guild has never gotten a mount drop and we did ZG way more than we ever should have
thats a me prio item
i called dibs at start of tbc
meh simpers farmed scarabs for days for their officers to have mounts
probably be the same now
yes
no
310
phoenix zoom
palas shouldnt get it since already 310 w aura
druids shouldnt get it since they can already get bird form
bird riding a bird
thats TOS
gbank is such a fucking meme
taxes and shit
tell me
what do you need a gbank for
we ahve never collected shit except some nexus crystals / voids from DEs
and we gives those back to raiders
and gbank is rich regardless
without taking any money ffrom raiders
never bid bags
never did any taxing of any kind
and still afforded everything we needed all of vanilla
alot of guilds did bid on ony bag
mainly just from selling nexus
and BOEs
but is there something worth spending on for resist checks in the future?
kekw
you being scammed
made so much gold just from selling extra T1 Boes
that it lasted all of vanilla
and nexuses later on a bit
we didnty buy our JC his gems
hes rich as fuck
he buys his own patterns
imagine financing someone's infinite gold profession
okay yea taxation meme
but what do I need to get for Hydross?
like for my raid
tanks right
need sets
frost/nature res
do you have a list stabile
what is the 6k gold coming from?
you got a set planned ?
any linkers
thought allthe tanks had to help tank adds
what are the names of the sets
my issue is its absolutely NEVER necessary for anything
sure if you buy your tanks flasks every week for speedruns
w.e I guess
but everyone has to flask in speedruns
and what did you use the gold on
buying one dude JC?
thats so trash
our JC has fucking piles of money and bought all his own patterns
20k taken from raiders to funnel one dudes infinite gold making profession
such a massive waste
I sold extra plate scraps (400 of them) in prepatch for 25 gold + per scrap
and that made like 5k gold on its own
and I can buy respecs
provide enchant mats
never taxed shit
i imagine chain for shammies on ally is same
you get so much incidental gold in your gbank each week
if your being taxed
your officers probably funneling shit off
MC theere was BOEs, then AQ there was 2.5 mats, then in naxx frozen runes and scraps
thats all the gold we ever needed
coupled with TONS of nexus
from saving all purple BOEs
BOPs
for 3 phases
now we ahve voids coming in from 5 kara splits
soul essence printing more voids
we sold some when they high
im holding and HAVE plenty to distribute freely
yea no man
we all get free voids
gbank tons of money
we just dont buy ppl fucking JC recipes
lol
sold them when they were 100 g
at my guilds advice to
and yea now they really piling up
and noone using
the difference is yall spent 20k on a JC
and ours just bought his and made 50k gold alredy
wonder what other odd decisions your gbank has made
with that money
i mean a tiny tax isnt really a big deal
but its also just completely unnecesary in my eyes
the concept of a gbank just seems ripe for corruption
spending 20k for one guy to have infinite gold profession
is corruption in my eyes
like you can justify through your teeth
but end of the day some officer got 20k to just print money all day
i can subsidize respecs too sel 4 void crystals
make 50 a week
one thing that would be neat for gabnk to spend on is consumes that buff raid like JC necks and drums
that would kinda be cool
so ppl dont feel bad blowing JC neck charges on prog attempts or w.e
and how do you "finance" your g bank paint
yea
again I could do that without tax
ye same
not really pots
meh thats a lil casual if you ask me
raiding is so cheap now
I can buy all my consumes
jc necks
no problem
yea just an extra bonus if gbank ends up w the funds
where do you get your gbank gold
to do this
I think that is just taxing raiders and then redistributing money to those too poor to afford cheap ass consumes
its a nice lil morale booster if wiping in prog
whip out the blin bling necks
not many new purples finding it
after the initial wave
stabile still cant find
ik
just playing
no
MAYB if its fat AOE
you justify a fire ele
in another raid they can
you dont see no fire eles getting popped by eles in any top pump guilds
I looked
and I looked at the dps benefit too
I hated FG in kara on beta after doing like 5 runs
and swore to never play that shit
felguard
meh I tried it again once in naxx in prepatch
still felt like ass
I mean my mald wasnt about bugs
It was about it being trash on aran and nightbane and prince
And spite
And pet buff garbage
Yes
And spite beam w no ruin means give beam to hunter
No should be healable
But still mald
So does fire w none of the mald
Its trash for vulns too like illhoof
Aran you just have to pull it out but blizz makes it annoying
I suppose its not but just feels like shit
20k incins on spite bb
Fuck FG
No we arent
Only better beam class is warr w reck and arcane mage
Disafree hunter 35% dmg is pet
We have cds in trinkets and do tons of dps.
Getting your 10k crits doubled and snapshotting dots going into the banish phase....
I disagree that hunter is clearly better given their pet dmg
The cds shore up the gap a bit
But we do great ST dps regardlesd of cds
You almost skip it but get like 20 s of it still
Soon tho
Yea
99th percentile on spite is arcane- fury - destro
Then BM
We are a great Beam class.
Dont listen to hunters
Sure but we just let evrryone have chance for fun
Demo no fun tho
I played it a bit in wrath but thats metamorph bro
Thats different
You still spam nukes as demo what
It was fun for me at first but got old
Rather crit fat incins
Its just an opinion
Your free to enjoy what you want
Lol cool ass rotation
Sane rotation as shadow destro
Ye
Hard cast corr isnt interesting fun rotation
Its aids
You should try it
Its easily most fun
Yep
It wins overall dps in kara. Its not a meme
Bis for fighting for wboss too
If it stunned channelers man
Hard bis
Mag channelers
Just chain sfury all 5 and seed
Who needs kicks
Yes
Depends on imp
Its not -15%
You have emp  corr
Nightfall
Imp
Amp doom
Also - 10% threat on seed
you can do fire DN
in fact its best
with good nightfall RNG its top ST DPS
the imp is strong
not in dumb raid that doesnt heal/ful buff the pet
or on spite
shadow destro can beat demo
do you tho
he lasts like 2-3 min w no buffs im p sure
DN also  reacts to T4 procs
far better rotation than any other
you see more procs as DN as your casting insta corrs
and shouldnt be that low
show log oakgu i dont believe you
100 for fire res
more  in even later phases
I think DN is the spec blizz meant us to play
the T4 procs reacting to them
slinging both incin and bolts
pet out
IDK if you actualy react to procs w DN if you have spllfire and scorch...
ye
hence what I think blizz intended
you to wear T4
they prob didnt expect ppl to skip sfury for ds
who knows tho
!dn
SF is ST dps gain if you dont oom
one shit thing about DN is playing at low range to cast corrs
cant get aff range talent AND emp corr
well its pretty impractical anyways cause you oom on any real fight
yes
well SSC has alot of fat packs too right
and TK
yea i know but
DN w no nuts
anyways point is DN fun FG not fun
mayb you think your having fun sending in your thic boy
isnt that what fire destro does
just dont let imp die
lol
yea and then sacs succ
and then imp
and then succ
I swap constantly in kara
yea yea
just dont kill your imp hannu
I know its hard
not like you really need to resumm him for trash
you still beat destro spec on kara trash cause sfury
i need a couple weeks and ill get you one
gotta do aff this week
then ill probably get my shoulders and want to fire destro
I saw your logs tho... losing to a feral
well no but I dont wanna respec and then repsec again for 25
I ran it on beta
but I got spellfire and felt obligated to pahmp
ill round back to it
theres a reason
a good reason
but cant tell
its important to link
!dn
sometimtes
its destro nightfall
its shadowfury and nightfal
!lmgtfy
but theres also a good reason to link DN
how much time you spend in kara  and heroics vs 25 man easy bosses
even a hcore guild does naxx and AQ
DN is bis
for optimizing and saving time
overall
in this phase
crix has good video on DN
and usually we do both
we link the meme
and then answer the question
he does raid w it?
you realise that this response to a simple joke is the whole point of a deez nuts joke
Have you seen that warlock Kombucha's parses? he does good w DN
One day you will all realise that DN is the key to it all
uhh I mean its a fun spec he doesnt top parse but his comp isnt great either
p sure he still thinks its the most fun spec
its hard not to
but
put a /cast incinerate
and /cqs
at the end
thank me later
you do need to specify the rank
im paranoid
shaman disc was having issues with macros
using random ranks
not so sure about that one
after
it magically makes your casting gaps go away
just put a rank and be safe
70k blows my mind
I did tip of the beam phase snapshot
and got 28k
fire destro tho
so ad 15%
and mayb another 20% for ISB
but still
makes me think amp doom must not be base only
O ele is 10%
Yo hunters should wear black grasp to drain his mana early
Priests spam mana burn
I just told you
Mana burn it
Probably lol havent actually tried
Viper sting dont work tho
Tried that
No
P much
Its not wprth to buy spellstrike helm
Just meta gem helm
Badge helm good too
Or oblivion since you use for seed set
Or mana etched
W 2 set
Or jpaints trash helm
Gz
We prioing to ele
And run 2 ele
Sad
One w crit for seed
Now you do
Threat issues?
Not surprised you have clc
Corrupt loot council
How do you justify the caster prio over hunters
Have you run hunter sims to see who gets bigger gain
Clc
Its a ring for dropping hit from ashyens in my eyes
Also healers and bear tonk
You loot a hit ring for aoe and trash that is 72?
its small for everyone spoiler
it lets certain min maxes for hit cap when you have nice gear
our hunters arent all naxxed
thats a better argument
no more clc
we have roll between caster healer atm
because our hunter said its not a big item and they have 2 kara options for rings
but uhh
lowkey
hes cooked
and its basically same for either of us
small upgrade
heheh
once they get bis they want the mag ring
for the hit
but ppl slacking on vengeance wrap
dont care about it
its small for all
everyone has close alternatives
mayb not bear
the helm for me
saw it on first arca other lock won
never again
i mean its also on tank to heal himself
and therefore not tax healers
if he doesnt do that the healers are in a predicament
do you set expectations for your raiders to flask
or are you silently making up rules
thing is if I want to find some reason to not let someone have doom slot I can
like
yea if I go through and see well this guy didnt flame cap
theres always something you can nitpick
and its t4 like stabile said
so if you dont have clear expectations set
no I dont think its fiar to fuck him over on no curse week
tbf the content is a joke and saving gold for real prog is a decent argument
t5?
its T4 and some ppl play game for fun
reck and ele
if your guild is so casual that you dont have any consume requirements stated then you are by definition not pushing or min max
so you cant just pick and choose arbitrary points to fuck ppl over
just my take
are you JC necking?
if I bring JC neck to your raid
can I fuck you over on curse?
its same thing
if you have no expectations set , your just being kinda weird
yea this
so whats the expectations? Flask but dont JC neck?
mana pots?
flame cap?
do you think your guild would know that
and all silently agree on what the expectations are
because you need to use 3
and theres a group of 3 locks
and they have cds
so you have to rotate anyways
clearly you dont JC neck
so you JC neck?
thats a consume
jc neck is like 80 g
and a jc neck is more spellpower than a flask.
o he only used 1 destro pot I used 3 hes CoR bitch now
o melee not using haste pots? No more curse of reck for them
melee didnt flame cap
fuck em
no sunders
if they are degen as fuck
a healthstone is probably smarter than that shit
o you only used 2 dark runes on gruul thats not full consumes either
srsly doubt anyone in your raid actually full consumes
so no thats not an expectation you have
or enforce
yep its nitpicking to suit yourself
in joke content
that doesnt matter
so you can parse
is that an expectation
or not
does everyone in your raid know that
first it was full consumes
now its just flask
did they flask for ony?
gruul is basically ony bro
do you flask for ony
in T6 you will look back on this and be like "I actually made a dude flask for ony"
JC neck is 90 g for 10 chargers of 170 spellpower.
flask is 50 g for 80 spellpower
we expect flasks but everyone knows that its very exiplicit
not for ony
or zg
which is basically what this content is
gruuls lair
onys lair
mags lair
you ahve kara
kara is this expacs MC
mag is ony
lol
in the real expac, SSC was out on release
kara is zg
mag is ony
SSC is the content you flask for
its just weird blizz phases
making ppl think gruul and kara matters
because it dont
yes mc is a joke
try to make me flask in mc
the context of this discussion is if someone should force someone to COR because he didnt flask in gruul without any written expectation to do so
in a clearly casual guild
yes, but they had a curse rotation, now he sees that he doesnt flask so wants to make him CoR every week
the context of this discussion is if someone should force someone to COR because he didnt flask in gruul without any written expectation to do so
then just tell him to flask
honestly I hate wehn ppl do this
interject a convo w nitpicks
so annoying
so are jc necks
jc necks are 90 g for double the spellpower of flask
and 10 charges
exactly.

34 *5 = 170
also the twilight owl is even bigger
aint a fan of witholding information to serve myself
that neck is literally bis
for your self
unless someone buffs you

2% crit for your party is insane
no
i do
no
its not gross its a personal dps gain to have the necks i your party
whether you wear them or not
also that eye of the night perfectly hit caps me
and is bis
no
p sure I told you thhis like yesterday
requiring 50 g flasks but not 90 g necks that have 10 charges
kinda weirdchamp
80 sp
or 170 sp
i think not
the crit one is EVEN bigger
hmm interesting point
but 1 neck buffs 5
so I disagree
not enough
of opp cost
1 neck = 90 g gives 170 SP
has 10 charges
1 flask = 50 g gives 80 sp
diff argument now
even then tho
you arent hitting the value
ok no money in
1 flask = 80 sp
1 neck = 170 sp
10 charges
its an argument but a bad one , not worth continuing
???
1 neck =1700 sp because 10 charges
easy
ppl have tried it
ill make my raid do a fucking doom ritual if the top parse has it
otherwise nah
nothin notable
eye of the night
chain of the twilight owl
jade pendant of blasting
theres actually 3 necks
theres also  a melee crit neck
gl getting enhance shaman to use it tho
atta boy
1 hr cd 30 minuptime
if you want uptime
everyone brings 3
even without deaths
ye
why
they justify their slot w the mele hit
but if your caster stacking
I understand
not enough
more locks
show us lock stack paint
the real lock stack
not some half ass
!realbisraidcomp
yes
yes
fuck a boom
more shamans and locks
you tryna make that 12  and lose to yo boy?
jk i like my guild
yep
its a imp blizz imp scorch bot
restokin
man
similar to frost fire mage
I guess
heard that spec feels terrible
and that only real sweats should do it
its basically running 4.5 healer comp
ye
our fury wants it
but I told him no
ye
fury that refuse to play arms
asking for support
srry bro
for parse memes?
i think we keep our healer around for T5
rather than be scrambling
because we memed for parses
and benched good healers
well if ppl like playing healer
then you replace them
idk
just not my style
i understand if your more sweaty and wanna do that
trying not to tailor comps and bench ppl for easy content
yea i could see 1 healer 1 tank kara being disgustingly amazing
but
meh our splits are what they arre
if they wanna dps sure
not gonna force em
content is joke
i mean you can put on healing gear and heal nbane in dps spec
and then rest of bosses dps
yea
most healers I have care about their healing parses
but I really do like the retail style of healers that do as much dmg as possible
if your bored in kara DPS
dont cry about it
and your parses
healer parses
but it is what it is for us
healers care abuot parsing as sad as it is
yea  ðŸ˜¦
the irony is if the healers took turns dpsing bosses in kara, theyd get amazing healing parses
and wed get amazing dps parses
but alas
they wanna fight each other
right
same w our tank now
but the real play is probably 1 heal and add a dps
than to"dps tank"
not for gloves
but for pants yes
according to paint tm
sim
mats are cheaper
than outright purchase
i think you only do spellstrike pants
dont break spellfire
oof recipe was 20 g for me
bought them alll early for our JC
he paid me back by making me 3 necks
what a g
i lke  how tbc is so unknown ppl dont even know about 170 SP consumables
its kinda cool
loool
hahaha
dont need any consumes if not hardcore
shrug
but it perfectly hit caps......
yea itemrack is sketch actually
swap seed set
accidentally swap neck
lose the buff
i turned off neck swapping
but I guess I should make duplicate sets for every set (for every neck, jesus)
hell yea ghingis
get some
ghingis while your here, how do I kill hunter in open world in pve spec
just pray on back lash and try nuke him?
dont fear or anything cause nothing works
cant even coil
yea ok
i dropped alot of find purple hints today
ppl missed them tho
i keep getting pms asking me to tell them where purple
i did same type of thing but in reverse
thats bis
for seed
and how do you do it in pvp spec
do you kill pet?
wtf is cuberdons
yera it does
looks great too imo
yea its true prebis I tihnk
mana etched
saw crix prebis guide. Spent a day doing maghari ritaulist horns. Find out about badge helm next day. Gem that. Next day 2 pce mana etched drop
mald
yes but now I have t4 helm because I did all that
its the way.
warlox has yellows gemmed im p sure
i bought the 90 g ench tho
and literally vendored
gigantic hit ring
which could be violet eye
that was easy
rekt
but t4 hem s no
you dont mana etched
we closing purple availability?
shutting the door
puprple only chat owns
LOL
praise it
where the fuck do yall come up w this shit
lemme get some of that
nice mod
elite god of warlocks
zephs a boomer so checks out
wait
jk
they look delicious
ferals out
LOL
nice name
gushers are pretty low tier ngl
our berries beat the swedish fish equivalent tho
you wont and theyll proably be trash
like getting turkish delight in the states
its not the same
yea
yea
belgium france england all same
they part of UK
the best european country is ireland
they do mayo w fries guys
they dont even ketchup
its a trap
dont do it
in france the mayo has like a bit of dijon in it by default and it actually is bomb
also in france the default flavor for iced tea is peach, not lemon
which is also amazing
poutine is bis
i live in canada
really it is
bis
i thoguht underage drinking was just normal euro shit
not localized
dont think so
have you ever heard of this incredible delicacy known as chicken tendies
idk if they have that in EU
you probably have never had valentinas I guess if EU, mexican hot sauce
its p good
legit only good things I can think that they dont alrdy do better in EU is Poutine, hot sauces, and uhh thats it
EU doesnt ahve spicy mayo?
i mean yal close enough together that you can get good belgian  food in france etc
i been playing wow so long i know nothing about the world
is england in the EU or not
did they bail
did they come back
saisson is a beer style starting in french
not a brand
or mayb its a brand too
if you get FR set then you have to tank = no parse
= trap
you think khira can make us a meme parse category like gladiator
for warlock tanks
shadow guardians
heat wardens
And belgish
But which country dont got the covid
Quag proc might win on hkm zerg too
It kinda does tho
W the icd
Can you mail all purples some cubers
0 bc he's an idiot
When will we make blizz fix
Wrong I think
But he just bugged
Doesnt do anything simce tbc release
Ye
Lots of traffic atm. Dragonling is bugged atm and fucking us over
Make forum post
Pls
Its bugged
Fucking blizz man
Make forum post pls
One of you has blizz friends
Link
Get upvotes
While ppl spam
Ah
Hmm
Fake news
That doesnt say that dragonling doesnt do anything tho
Just that hes 60
Oooo
He literally casts more everything than you.
10% more uptime on him overall
Just plant it and tell everyone to move out of your way
A bad gem
We made rogues use blade flurry before pulling lol
On skeram
@Laverna I have confirmed that my friend's battle chicken is lvl 75
dragonling pending
Dragonling only lv 60
DRAGONLING JUST DID A BUFFET BOYS
BOYS
DRAGONLINGS BACK ON THE MENU
but fiery told me me aff was good all expac
SE is literally just nerfing your tanks rage and threat
completely unnecessary in this content
that log tho does make affli look worth

actually not really
fire mage beating arcane mage btw
arcane does do good dmg kin kara
10k netherspite log
tru
ye probably beat everyone lets be honest
but even if they beat everyone doesnt mean they are worth
Its kinda becoming sus the whole fire thing without anyone doing the hard work on sims to prove it out
but
just have 11 locks I guess
kara?
they are 100% not worth for 25 mans
like that is still true foty
and that begs the question about T5
its absolutely true
like
look at statistics gruul/mag
even with full support fire does just as much on gruul mag
^
lol rip kinda true
and 1 arc immune boss but ye p much
this is cope. Depends on fight lengths really and support for arc mage.
Odaal based true
only because it really bothers mages
and this is lock disc
if the meta is lock stack. Arcfire is good for the raid. 100%
but
yea we always said gotta see the fight lengths for the standard comp
o paint comon man
thats ridiculous
looool
hunters will be trash in SSC
I mean the only reason to play fire is ST dps lets be honst
arcane pumps trash tho?
I guess oom for trash
so you can play arcane if you drink walk
?
LOL
so arcane bad for kara speed just good for parse meta?
its better til oom for sure
I think paint is recoiling into elitist corner with the "just take more locks speedrun all that matter" argument
how many times do you have to swap pet in SSC
if your argument is for speedruns
4s not too bad
yea I bet its more
i swap so much in kara and it defs slows me down
no I have never even said I would do that. My arguments in the mage disc were always focused on this tier. 

I have always said that we will have to see the content next phase to really know whether arcfrost is worth it. My mage will play whats best for the raid but my plan has mainly been to swap to shadow T5, unless we had 2 mages in raid.
But then Odaal gave hope
But Odaal probably plans to do a lock stack comp
i think so yes.
im not biggest shill
paint is biggest shill
arcane isnt worth in gruul / mag
but the fact that you do kara for more time than gruul mag and arcane good in kara makes it kinda sketch tbh
I just make fun of ppl who say arcane bis and then cast 50 frostbolts on mag
and lose to half the classes
mage disc just gets insanely triggered and toxic and wont ever have a real convo about it
bullshit
also quas exort is a blue parser  who gamed the sims with warlocks only casting shadowbolt and having 47% crit
and only posts killtimes that suit his agenda
for sims
the mage disc is way more toxic to me than I ever been to them
meh try 1v10ing mages spamming pastas pretty hard to keep it cool
how the fuck is prince a lock favored fight
because the pet requires a heal?
lol
hannu is the worst man
but destro is better for beam than BM
you know you can use statistics on these fights instead
dont need feelycrafting the statistics exist
I mean can just look statistics at various percentiles for spite, but I dont wanna distract the convo
dont get dragged into hunnu memes
focus on the bigger picture not netherspite
is shifting naaru sliver personal only

yea
i assume so
kinda just a weird item implementation tho
would be more interesting if you had to share the circles
even if OP
sunfire but its very tiny
and fucks you on trash
3 dps in bis gear
over 30 SP
healers are gonna want this shit man
im doomering
ok
then sunfire your gruul weap sure
thats my plan too
ok
same thing
gotta int your bowiz for seed kappa
is that actually worth foty
or just kinda memey

yea ofc
some caveats on that list I linked
- if not engi, do T4 helm w mag gloves
- if you do get 4 pce T5
thats probably bis
(using vash robe still)
this is more of a realistic set
assuming hunters and mages take the T5
than a  true bis
but you basically want to pass stuff in T5 and take stuff in T6
ye
yep
wheres your list paint
is it same basically
yes obli for seed set
doesnt really get replaced afaik
is there even any diffs between fire and shadow gear
i dont think there would be
4 pce t5 w vash robes
no one wears crafted anymore
i guess your boots
well thats not what weare talking about
Jakey.
but basically what I put but w those swaps
and sextant
I forgot sextant
sextant is only a tiny bit better but it pops on seed
its not quag you replace its icon
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823476479550816266/860043321904594965
paints sim on value of procs ^
uh huh
by my napkin mathing
sextant and icon are v similar in terms of ST value
on that fight length
however
sextant seed pumps
and I think thats paints lil secret
40 crit rating when you seed for portions of SSC fights
paint any comment
also something something front loaded trinkets w long ICDs
so hes using icon as main trinket for comparisons sake
not saying that you should always use icon
a trinket
yes
should get a much nicer uptime than icon
probably
but
i dont even know
proc is nice
like 1 min fight you can get 2 procs
cant do that w icon
could be 50% uptime on a 1 minute
paint do you have weakauras that show your ICDs
that would be nice for
calling for lust
mid fight
ðŸ™‚
seems like a paint thing to do
dayum
gates closed?
!dn
ok kresh lives
so why your sim say 43
if its 56
so you just  assume you wont tap
during procs
Kinda feels like paint is abandoing hope in fire meta and just recoiling back to well I have 11 locks so fire worth for sure
he once woulda shilled for every guild to be fire in T5
now its
"you just take lock stack so ofc fire"
did we get jebaited
:p
the sad truth
And the sad truth is paints right. Noone should care about 6s . But ppl look at the top and use that to justify their meta in their guild
warlock stack is clear bis for mag
ppl argue about hunters but kekw
lol
the game is so degen boys
how much dps gain yall seeing on sim for 4Pce T5
includes time
on the cast yes
not on the ticks
guy hasnt bought his spellfire robe or his badge offhand but wish he had more loots XD
yea doesnt make sense to me
o
then you use bloodgem
:p
true eye of the night
wait whats this mean
you get vortices with badges?
yes
Uhh fuck eye of mag
I wouldnt drop either in 40 s maiden
If it's 1 min 20 maiden
DST to bear
is only one that benefits us
also DST to survival
LOL @jpaint
he doesnt have perms to unban
kinda like HKM
bad luck
I did post the shaggy gif
and noone even said it was funny
was sad
it would be good if it didnt have shaggy context they dont understand
honestly best meme i ever seen from any classic discord
its perfect
not innervating warlock?
Believe it or not, ban.
Where are the mods to take the mages away
haha yea
I was in 4 lock group as affli and I used it
because im the best
affli is super fun
dam shame its probably not worth
is it tho
is it really ever an exception
basically if you dont have boomy
a lock must use the green neck right
sometimes
does green neck have CD?
cant remember
ah
ok nvm
your right ryu
well
yea since green  is no cd
your right
I just didnt know that
EXCEPT
if your affli
even then tho affli prob do more dmg than ele
you just use JC necks for your group all game
and then when skull drops
you remind ppl kindly
of your contribution
ðŸ™‚
i found out mages have no claim btw
ashtongue trinket
sims better
than skull
didnt know it existed
uhhh
dont think so


yes this is why mage can never take skull from us.
arcane wanted it until this trinket was seen
stupid unfixed GC bug
GCD bug
???
you wear 2 trinkets
might be right. I mean theres the pendant of violet eye trinket but currently mages believe in short kill times and it being a bad trinket. 

basically we were talking skull on mage disc, ppl were like its active haste so we want skull.
Then quas came along and said whats this ashtongue trinket it sims way better than skull
and alas we are here
theres MQG which is 2.5x the cd of skull
honestly hope thers no ICD on that trinket so they can never touch skull
but if they discover ICD
I guess they still might come for us
not that that means they have any claim
but just sayin
having a firm leg to stand on when arguing for prio is always nice
ye
but mages might be able to really fuck us over w their killtimes and sims
as they have been trying
so you know good to have ammo
ye
true
thats a good one too
another one in the chamber
im just preparring my dossier for skull prio you know
spriests seem like a non concern
hopefully boomys and eles cant make a case eitehr
not that they will ever touch guldans skull but I dont like giving ppl reason to  complain
even then ashtongue is better right
we can check amge sims but
ashtongue kinda fucks them for skull
i mean that trinket simmed ALOT better than skull
it was quite staggering
so I guess we have to check
heresy
ye ye
Reward player not class
Says shadow destro gamer
Boom rekt
Tru
I would
EW uptime
Its bis raid dps
And bigger personal dps than BM
BM dmg is 1/3 pet
The gain of dst is
Can take the trash out of the spec but not out of the player
Srry foty
saying you wont give DST to survival is a good way to not have a survival
better for surv than BM change my mind
you seen updated DST number?


@Aloysius they got together  and worked out issues and agreed
on sim results
the class disc leaders basically
correct decision
and now you can justify that to all hunters
i mean who cares melee shit
but it should go to dps warrior
unless oyu think hes way worse than hunter
fury I mean
arms no
im for reward player not class
but its quite a bit better for fury
and still better for rogue
than BM hunter
dont give arms
whats missing from this table is
the tanks
i wanna see bear
where does bear sit here
yes
https://discord.com/channels/253213664708919296/812196491321016340/864298771013828619
does that link work
@Aloysius
TLDR too much haste fucks hunter rotation
doesnt fuck melees
the end
I got 99 w UA first time playing it
cant be that bad
im a UA enjoyer
I mean ryu do you know for a fact that ruin is better on gruul silence and mag clicks and multi dot
no you dont
not sure what top pumper takes
for aff
im not hostile
im saying that UA does seem better and I dont have a sim to tell me yes or no
multi dot , mechanics , etc
yo
they using flame caps
yo how much does bugged flame cap hunter
add to raid dps
w scorch
top affli god isnt using UA
btw
ye
i mean if im playing affli for a week im taking UA not a cuckced pve only spec
and im queuing up bgs
but i think we dont playing affli at all in our raid now
yes
you cast siphon when ISB is up.
i did it
you cut shadow embrace
because shadow embrace is useless
and you cut imp agony
shadow embrace is a nerf to tank rage when content is on farm, and only lowers threat cieling.
theres no actual reason to bring SE to raid
yea then your threat cieling even more fucked
and still nerf to pala mana
you know they get mana from being heaed and get healed fatter if they take dmg
this lets you justify a nice pvp spec for yourself on affli week
but TBF affli isnt even worth outside of prog I think
and for prog you bring SE
sure but
point is you dont need SE
can take imp howl  w no sacrifice to dps
err
imp howl I meant
can cut imp agony and take the drain talents too
and its a nice pvp spec
uhh no
that is before the adjustments and fixes
eh no fury getting double of BM really
but you do you man.
yes but you said BM   =  Fury
player not class
right?
only prio is survival
i understand
but
I disagree
still prio surv sure
but fury has a much better claim than hunters.
esp hunters who dont even change rotation in haste
which is most hunters.
yes
so its alot better used on your fury
thats a ST sim
too
fury will smoke a hunter on ANY cleave
i mean players held equal (say your fury and BM are both gods), you give fury.
yep
I dont believe you
proof?
proof that the simmed results include multi target only for furys
as Alex claims
I very much doubt that is true
god your a zug lol
thanks for linking the sim
I have used that since P3 classic lol but that has nothing to do w what im talking about
cause i found purple
can still find it
if you looks
theres no way they put all this work in  just to scuff fury w multi target sim
theres just no way man
alex did you make up the multi target thing
or no
i wanna go back to work
also are you a hunter player
okay okay I very much doubt that that is true
they did have some cavveats to the cat discussion
their sim is weak
but
the druid leader still agree cat will always be dead last
uhh rets dont have a real sim
and are currently in state of crying about the results
but they have no sim or tool to stand on
and claim that making said sim is too difficult
yea
and they do shit w bleeds than benefit from other trinkets well
iirc
well rogue sim is v reliable
warr sim solid
hunter sim im not sure but they were confident enough to admit defeat themselves
which says alot IMO
and yea ret sim scuff
shaman who knows
yea well if they cba to make a sim to prove anything do they deserve DST
meh
in absence of sim make a good case for the prio
i dont think enhance can.
what is the haste plateau
dont trust you after basless claim about multi target warrior sim
but
interested
to hear more about haste plateau
Ye^
no real haste gear til sunwell
so im doubting this whole plateau argument
uhhh
how ?
how do you blast past that easily
your talking lust and haste pots
theres no other haste buff
that gets you there
uhh
im just tryna understand how you ending up at 1.3
25% flurry
that gets 1/4 of the way
and then without lust
without haste pot
DST is putting you IN the danger zone
ok
flurry for shaman is near 100% if they use same speed
idk about warr
okay alex but this plateau existing at all HURTS the benefit of DST, not makes it better
and fury is similar boat but does way more dps than you
uh no without that plateau youd have a nice linear line
since you have this plateau at all
your dps takes a hit
and the claim that you always go past it when needed is just false
if you get flurry AND DST, drums arent up , lust not up, mongoose not up. Your right in the bad zone arent you?
why do
you
care
?
spent 4 hrs meming candies gushers cuberdons
interesting discussion relevant to many occurs
and you complain
yea but delaying cds to not go red zone is a loss
a loss you must take to justify the plus
of DST
!alex
if you group swap a shaman who used green neck for lust
what happens
think thats what hes wondering about
shamans should make a sim or some sort of proof for their dps gain if they truly think this plateau thing is screwing them
as is
they use that sheet
to justify their loot
and if its scuffed
thats on them
but its really hard to believe shaman would ever beat any of the classes above them
fact is if you have to delay haste cds to make yourself not lose dps
your losing dps
rogues also get energy procs from swings too now
yea exactly
like
sim or not
v hard to believe shaman gets BM rogue hunter levels of dps
out of it
no they didnt I misunderstood that point
they definitely do still think its bis all game
@AlexTheSeal
I believe that he was saying "top 5 trinkets" about the TT question
and then he gets asked "So it isnt bis" and says "I never said that"
but this is the cause of that confusion
no that was the whole discussion that lead to these numbers as I understand, they dont get full benefit of haste cause cant realise their rotation, which leads to this
I can say the same about any class
yuor not a robot you dont play like sim
and like I said, if you consider your players equally skilled, you reward the warrior and rogue first.
also Im not sure about the survival thing
eventually they approach 100% uptime
regardless of the haste right?
id like to see the EW uptime increase really
on a sim
need to check it
to see what the real gains are
uhh no
thats rogue
lol
your qt
room for improvements
but how much will DST really buy them there
mayb a few percent max?
just use new hunter bug
should be 100% uptime easy
spam !autoshot
but I guess if you have hunter bug its hunter prio again hey
yea but you need crit for uptime too
and you dont just sac all your p dps
for a bit more expose ATK power
yea curious to see what it looks like in later phases
what that table looks like that is
but I still doubt it changes
from fury > rogue > hunt  > support
lol at one point we had record for longest 4hm kill
we have a bit of a situation like this (nothing this extreme) but its not of malicious intent. Both groups clear completely fine. We didnt want to mix in ppl who had been raiding for weeks in group 1 w ppl in group 2. It makes loot awkward for the ppl in group 2.
hunters been abusing the !autoshot bug
change my mind
only reason they parse   higher
yea but they have 2 macros they mash
depending on haste
both abuse it
at high haste they mash just !autoshot
at low haste they mash something w their other buttons included
something lik that
auto shot go brr
idk details
seems even worse
than that
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/794708239777923082/864369547778719774/image0.gif
yep lol
i dont know
mash /cast !autoshot
at high haste
as fast as you can
yep
the new meta is smash that one below 0.9 AS or something
and smash one w steady in there
above
go hunter disc for non warlock interpreted info
paint is considered most accurate but zephs seems v similar
yes
however
that bug
with flame cap
is probably what we need to really push the scorch meta
hahaha
correct alex
its not a proc
its just dmg on every attack
not flame cap hannu
the hunter bug
with flame cap usage
LMAO
true
well
dark rune hutner
not sure
probs better to use flame cap but not sure
that bug smells like auto slam
and that got nerfed in a week
if you know your losing scorch
yes
you should work on shadow set
if not you should work on the sims to prove why you shouldnt lose scorch XD
Make ticket can get lucky
I know a few have gotten nice GM
And they do restore them
Sometimes
reminder top illhoof parse didnt cast a single seed
just fire pahmper
i like seed on moroes, I pay hunter to ST moroes and I seed off it
the way you parse moroes is you make all ST and one guy gets to cleave
thats just the way it is
for council fights
in this dogshit game
did you know fucking ahlaundoh has locks STing moroes for him
and STing nightbane skeles
for him
they cast like 1 seed on ALL ENCOUNTERS
yea
i used to think he wasnt as degen as they say
my mind changes
when I see that bullshit
we need lock equivalent
to show ppl fury aint all that
imagine our prse w full seed uptime on moroes
everyone else STs
or on HKM
bullshit
watch the replay
he slowly cleaves em down
bandages sometimes to not die
and then get more cleave PAD
yes
@nattle
what happen
ahl is in this disc
I could @ him
to play lock
the pasta isnt true tho
ye
but honestly skele ST
warlock skele ST
thats pasta material
real pasta material
i really do wanna tag and ask him
but scared
yea
not my style
anyways hes
here
why do you make warlocks ST skeletons on night bane ahl
o shit
faith restored in humanity
ty
moroes still kinda sus but
I mean when you see no seeds on nightbane
what do you think is going on?
ok honestly im glad we asked
but moroes they still have to ST for fury parse
yea well when you spam cleave OVER ST spells and delay your BT
you are still griefing
not saying ahl do that havent looked
but many do
okay if thats argument then you seed
its one or the other
the adds dont have to die after, most ppl just zone out
when HKM dies
ppl do in top parses
also technically using cleave over HS still a grief
top HKM is indeed delaying BT to fit in a WW
and woulda landed one more BT at the end if didnt
for the record
the skeles arent dying instantly
but they die so fast
that he might be scared to seed
and rip
and I saw another replay prev week
where he seeded and ripped
yes the locks get many casts off in the phase
so he wasnt being entirely honest
you want to kill adds as fast as possible
and do as much dmg to air nightbane
as possible
just dont bring melee
ranged only
should be able to skip at least 1 phase
smoke blast or something
its phys dmg to the top of his threat table in air
and thats usually a healler
as I understand
how does your tank hold aggro
battle shout?
well yall dont post logs so
thats interesting
im surprised that shout holds off healers w salv tbh
but its something
on the beta?
yes
yes there was a day where they were
and they didnt ALSO do amillion immo aura dmg
and on beta yes
our healers just fuckin handle it anyway
but
yes if top aggro can be tank thats nice
yea thats an option
but not many have holy pala in kara
alot of them respec to tank for kara
skellies easy
sometimes the priest dies to the breath
but SS + BRes
is usually enough
im really surprised honestly
that b shout
holds off
I usually tap to full in air phase
and then get a fat heal
seed adds
tap to full again
well
i told our warr to try it
and he said he did
so im a bit miffed
till shadow labs for me XD
guild fall apart in BWL when im up for Tear
fall apart in Naxx
after getting no loot in AQ
cause I joined 2 weeks in
and ppl think im "new guy"
all AQ
they gave regaliae to a guys second feral druid tank
before me
because his first one got banned
i raided 12 AQs only thing I got was shoulders and helm and that was after some ppl for pvp memes
fuck me right
anyway now im god tier and those locks that fucked me on loot pm me for help
who needs Tear or fucking Regalia
the only item I made a point of getting was fetish
well i tried for BB too but no lucks
one week I couldnt go it drop
o that too
but that was more my guild making a point of getting me MOTC XD
second threat drop trink wouldbe nice yea
Yo Prism of Calm Mind next phase
err
Prism of Inner Calm
a threat reduc trinket
thats either super pog
or totally useless
supposed to be -1000 threat on every crit
and on seed it should be good
do you ever like, hate this?
idk I hate going overboard w splits it just makees game unfun for me
like sure loot farming
but its hardly important loot
we alrdy almost all full bis
without trying
yea like it just doesnt seem worth having shitty raids every week
to chase loots
well its just unfun no
3 shamans
no lust
etc
idk I like feeling my char progress
i like doing better each week
okay fair enough , but do other ppl hate it?
mayb not you personally
I dunno I just dont feel loot matters enough that its worth making depresso splits
what guild is it
anyway
i guess sword too
gruul sword
and mag gloves
theres items
for sure
yea so when all the alts are done carrying mains to DST
you think they wont also want DST
on their alts
at your current rate
how long are you doing gruul
to get all the DST
how many mains have?
how many splits
so you will farm DSTs untill all "mains" including the ppl w 2 mains
have it
but then what about the alts
so alts wont get DST?
and you wont keep farming gruul for alts
because way I see it your still farming gruul same time, you just have more plits and more ppl
lucky
so exact same as us who dont do splits and dont have third raid of alts doing splits
but our raids just arent depressing
w 3 shaman shit
i dont care really, its just are ppl having fun
or not
if having fun
carry on
if not
it seems not worth
i found 20 man ony fun
but its a bit diff now
lust and group buffs
yea but if you bring more alts to do that you just end up needing more DSTs for said alts
you see my point?
and you wont farm it for them when done?
since they helped you?
get geared for T5?
sounds like your not sure
which is my point
yep
are you saying you have a team that it isnt like that
or are you saying that that is the problem for you
i get it yea
but just wondering if the gruul runs will really end early
or not
it just seems like your not really milking much to me and it makes raid sadge
but hey man
like I said
if your nejoying it
enjoy away
whats your worst split been like
like have you done 30 man gruul
w 5 67s
or what
like how much do you milk
just curious
what are the 2 rings
and what is the cloak
you can have 2 ?
and why not recurrence?
how you get 2 rings
thats seed set bis bb
item restore meme?
haha
seed bis
im doing it
22 ppl gruul?
dam bro
ok that actually sounds fun
tbh its not like HKM zerg is super satisfying gameplay
i had fun struggling w like 10 many onys and shit
it was kinda cool
5:50 w half the ppl
is pretty dope
yea lol
8:00 ive seen
8:00?
its like the reason their kill is 8 minutes to begin with is because tank threat is so dogshit
reason its so dogshit
is casue tank is full chonk gear
which is why he can live for 8 min of gruul
is that cause bad locks
or cause ungear
yea like, dont you think the warlocks hate it
idk
they dont get to pump, they are farming for your DST
are you hardcore or not SMH
lol
alright
just seems sad
playing for next phase
all the time
when T5 comes and you done prog
will you split that too
alright cool
yea w.e man
either way
the 25 man shit is NOT fun
whether you push it for parses or not
I feel that
i have tons of fun doing beam memes
we gonna beam meme our ret
on spite
and then ele next
try to get some easy 100 parses
we did that
was fun
seeded the giant aboms before patch
ripped
tanked them
was cozy
lol
gz thats finally a nice spite from a lock
I feel like
all the other spite parses were so shit
that one looks like where we should be
what LOL
you double lust the beam boy
@Skycrab you swap the beam boy to get both lusts
one at start
one 35 s later
in ideal situation
but if not
you want to do it 30s ish into fight. @Skycrab
spite flies into air at 1 minute
the stacks linger for 10 s
you lose the stacks at 1:10
so ideally you kill in 1:10
but if less you lust earlier
just take geared dps that can press buttons
its not very tight
im confident any class in beam can 1 phase
not doing this is literally dropping so much dps on the ground
its politics
not wanting to hurt feelings
yea just change that
explain why
you start back at 0 stacks
splitting it
you lose SO much dps
its actually so easy
and if you dont make it and hes below 20%
just stay in
and yolo it
as long as you dont split beam
and nerf dps hard
for no reason
its free 1 phase with any dps that arent super green
he shoots breath cones at ppl and drops aggro and melees randoms in melee
the breath cone can slap
the breath cone hits a target an then extends behind that target
so you spread in a way that its not gonna smakc multi ppl ideally
if you wanna stay in
like almost 1 shots me on lock but not quite
in spellfire low stam gear
have to check logs
its a spell steal meme
the mobs outside give stacking spellsteal buff that is like % dmg increase ot something
the mobs right outside nether room
but for them to cast
you need to stall the mob
sit there, get rage
talk the strat
and spell steal for like 5 minutes
to get full stacks
if your about that cheese life
yea
its true man
only mage cheese allowed
ban landslide , cause only mage farms allowed
is that true
i thought I saw it there
o they remove completely
thats annoying
becaus you can still use dmon dog to cheese kill times
and now you cant tell they cheesed or not
yea man and it wasnt even huge GPH
it was just chill
mages make way more
w various farms
but they hide it in logs, and you can still use it?
^
anyone know?
p sure its on land
because if I conflag w incin mid air seems to nerf the dmg
think you should test XD
i got memed for sayin ext and intern modifiers
in spriest disc
they said its buffs and debuffs retard
god I sawer it doesnt snapshot when leaves your hands
swear*
when i conflag at the end it nerfs my incin dmg I swear
but im no scientist
yep
same
otherwise when your sbolt leaves air, and ISB is on boss it would "snaposhot" ISB
i thought soulfire > COE worked
does it not
an external modifier
and your saying it snapshots
alright enough  ppl I trust have said it so
i guess me wrong
at least I dont ahve to feel bad about conflaging now
!snapshot
yea it should probably say dots
not spells
All spells snapshot internal modifiers (things that increase your damage done) such as PI, TOEP, Elixirs, etc, when the spell finishes casting. Only life-leeching spells (Siphon Life and Drain Life) snapshot on external modifiers (things that increase the target's damage taken) such as Shadow Weaving, Improved Shadowbolt, Nightfall (the axe), Curse of Shadows.
i guess so
just confusing
ye
so
nvm
so does that mean its bis to all cast bolt in sync
mutli box lock gamer is bis
what happens if one of those bolts in sync procs ISB
are 0 things consumed
and 5 charges on boss right
so in theory w enough synced locks you can create a 100% uptime situation
or verry near
ye
ye
you dont really need to be synced either right just have like bolts in air at same time
just like a sync within travel time duration
travel time is 1 s if you all cast within 1 s of each other
you benefit
ye
thats why its kinda fucked
fuck shadow
its almost like if your last boy casting you can just get starved
w too many locks
but its not
cause theyll crit
i guess
but some of the bolts that COULD crit are still in air, and you arent gonna get your snap shot
i dunno fuck this shit
yea this
but what is best then
casting first right
interesting
zdoom is shadow bis?
ok
Cut ele ?
Get tide?
I mean even another lock at that point in gamr
Because ele is like 5% dmg right
So the ele needs to do 80% of lock dps to be worth
And he doesnt
I mean its not necessarily 1 less lust
swapping an ele to a resto to run 6 healer in SWP might be a thing
alot of ppl run 6 healer in SWP
on private
yea
like if thats your least impactful slot
thats what you swap
your alrdy cut
lol
fierywind lied kekw
pservergamers
same it is indeed fun
getting 99 on affli is way more satisfying
than 99 on destro
it just hits right
but yea shit spec
i mean issue w soul leech I see is you need to be topped for mechanics
you cant just sit around
waiting to leech back
cause neutral rotation
nether prot will bug out encounters you have to tank right
when nether prot procs on illidan
when your tank die on illidan "srry we are all nether prot wipe it up"
the double tick saph was scary for not just dad guilds
even good guilds had a rough time
so your still shilling fire T5 yea?
it really depends on kill times IMO and I dont know content enough to know what they will be
ok sure
recommending just longer to type tbh
not really tryna downplay
just lazy
i prefer what does most dmg really
at this point its not like fire rotation is
super duper cool
well
does anyone know how much dps hunters gain
from T5
is it even big?
i dont think the hunter set is as big as ppl here think
i go hunter disc and they like "thought that was lock prio" lol
T5 that is
if they only swap when they get 4 set
then the difference between BL and T5 must be small
^
Try to play fair w the other classes
and not just say ME ME ME
the ring thing seems like its reaching a bit
the zdoom one
seemed ok
I actually believe in DW devastate in kara
dont tell fight club
if your splits have 2 healers theres not really any reason not to DW
obvs not on nightbane
its mroe dmg more threat
healers arent falling asleep
fight club reallly aint what it used to be man
this is true
i mean less ppl overall have any tbc knowledge
but they still have the egos
no threat sim
but they police how you should tank and flame anyone who questions their meta
alot of the best minds have moved on from FC too
ye
it was really good for info before classic
and the declined all of classic
yea the few ppl who do TC and dont actually talk in the public channels
are smart
but they started manipulating bis lists and shit
they withhold info
because you arent reading their textbooks
true but
here the egos arent so fierce
DW bad
kings defender bis because it sims best at rage cap
only certain tank items good
no threat sim
its far worse now
green parsers flaming ppl like they run the place
just got band

how do I fix my hit
without regem
lol
i dont have
i need 6 hit
but yea
im probably just gonna keep using ashyens
til shoulder
i could do that
and then shoudlers will drop for sure
since I wasted gold on gems
thats probably the play lol
yea
thats what I was thinkin
is there a diff shoulder
basically
o paint s just saying just get t4 shoulder
kappa
i dont even have shoulders bro
and I passed the sword to a MAGE
yae your cringe we know
i meant paint
jk paint that kinda sucks
a fire lock beat all the arcane cheese parses
in kara
what a god
paint the reason your gear is shit
is because your still using T3 shoulders
so ofc your not gonna get drops
your slacking
my shoulders
obliv
slackin

they are tiny bit better
but you get a blue socket
and turn on meta gem
so they are better
yeaaaaa
i have saph in bank
I really didnt think it would take this long
i mean its my fault tho
I passed it a few too many times
i just dont want to dump gold on it when I have saphs
its a fallacy but
I wanted to hold out
same
Nice ring but seems a lil sweat to farm that
Bis for tankin 1 boss
Rather farm beast
Tru
Its cool tho wonder if can get seed bis pieces from the 5 man bosses
Like a blue invoker type roll

id do something like this if your dropping intensity
then you can pvp
you dont need drain soul
you dont need imp CoA
you dont need SE
yea I guess 1 point?
i kept the imp talents because he liked the imp talents
but could drop them
for intensity, howl , SE
this is what I would play aff ruin I dont like imp

so I can pvp too
but uhh aff pvp no UA
is still kinda monka
and UA seems to perform right up there w ruin in this content so
meh
well way I see it
sims dont account for dot uptime while im silenced/clicking cube/multi dot meming on HKM+channeler
so
UA bis
ya and then your actually like a not trolling pvp spec
only thing that sucks for pvp is no stam talent
but its still p nice
@Stabile yo is there any merit to looking at some pvp pieces for the fire set
resilience good right
like you had bands of nefarios deeds
but pvp bracers?
mayb a lil unyielding set
hopefully blizz brings back the same faction bg
it was a test run
idk what the results are
it was great
alot of alliance cried about it
"my racial is fast bg queues waaah"
alot of like prominent ally pvpers too like perp
queues are still decent on the weekend
10 min wsg queues all weekend
cause it was WSG weekend
UA + seed is nice in AV and EOTS flag fights
ive had fights where 2 seeds completely turned the fight
srry pve chat
ill stop ryu
is lock talk epi 3 coming
and is the topic why mages are liars
and will jpaint show cam
topic?
@jpaint
show feet pls
https://tenor.com/view/future-mask-off-gif-20591390
jpaint seems like type of guy to have full warlock T6 cosplay
!jparse
jpaints doing  cam cosplay lock talk confirmed
hes doing belf fem warlock
we are past that smh do you read
its belf fem T6 cosplay
the cam is already in
if you need video to learn to press 2 buttons
im srry
resil is useless really
dam
yea sure
accessible in that it takes weeks of sitting in queu
but yea
so resil doesnt work why
it works for normal tanks
the fuck
just look at stats stab
they are tiny bit better
than havok
o they werent
sure
well they have int
ppl always forget the int
but yea sim it IDK
believe it or not but there are good mages that are open to doing whats best for raid
there are also good mages that do believe arc fire is the meta @kyp
12 lock stack will be the speedrun bis
and a arc fire mage can be a part of that
Just because the vast majority of mages reject the notion of it doesnt mean it wont happen @kyp
by the mage disc own math if you run 4 destro or more
arc fire is worth
so doesnt have to be a 12 stack
if any guild happens to run 5 lock
6 lock
anything
https://discord.com/channels/253212375790911489/812641242222821376/855569680517038161
@kyp  and there are known issues with the logic used to sim locks and making shadow destro look better than it is
I can elaborate but I dont need to
their own biased math
says if you run 4 destro 0 affli or more
Arc fire worth
Join mage disc
Its pinned in arcane channel
Well it shows arc fire not worth assuming 3 destro 1 affli
But affli dead
And the math is scuffed
Assumes shad destro w 47 crit spamming bolt
Yea but w affli dead he still played himself ryu
They banned then let me back but im on thin ice
Arcfire is a trigger word and its a safe space
Ken should never have been banned
He was harassed by dranthax
Obsessively
Yes
But assuming 3 lock
And affli
Not that I know of
Not anymore
Aff is dead
Kumbaya my lord
So now 4 destro is standard comp not affli
So their own math fucks em
Just add locks
But yea I mean I intend to redo the math on our end
To prove it
Havent had time
500 dps lower than destro
Still dead
Correct
Depends on caster number
But not in anything standard
Just a rage nerf and tps nerf
You can have affli for prog
If you need it
Yep
can never reach 100% waifu as shadow
have to play fire
not if the mob is about to die
I heard fire lock finally outscaled in 9.2
Our mage is respeccing from scorch after fire for 12 years
I was ban and unban now reformed
Dali said fire and arms are copium specs
Dali is best gamer so
https://clips.twitch.tv/CloudyEncouragingTomatoMikeHogu-ayJ-Eb5I5YWjDS_A
Im not hes retarded but I do like the strim
The hot pocket strim was good
Ye
Its his sham but yea
I dont think so
I think arms will be alot better w trash in raid
But it might be situation like affli
P sure they justify their slot
Hannu said it so do opposite
Fury propaganda
Arms is fine
Yea idk only shit warrs hate arms slam is sick
I see why shitter wbuff crutch warrs from vanilla hate having to manage rage
But
Arms is fine
Auto slam vanilla came out when I looted bre
Best week of my life
At least they get weaps from raid lol
Fury uses bs hammers and begs for glaives
In t6 arms might reroll fury
Arms glaives prio for fury reroll
After being cucked all game
I shill arms glaives bigtime
Not greedy fury player demanding them
Yea its kinda like affli
Where fury just outscale arms to point of no reason to be arms in t6
Fury should demo not arms
Fucks slam rotation
Way harder than fury
????
4% o no
Arms will be dead in t6 see you then hannu
Yes
Fury actually pump with arpen weaps
Glaives is icing on cake
But not needed
Fury will beat arms overall without glaives. If you have phys stack you would still bring arms tho
I dont think standard comp will have arms t6
Bevause fury slaps
Its like your saying why bring destro lock if no affli
No
I mean like no caster
In t6 you wont bring arms they respec fury
And you give glaives because of how cucked they were
Do you really think they wont be
T6 top parse swp on legacy is fury
And fury is doing way better alrdy then private
also pserver overtuned armor
fury will destroy these caster armor bosses
well prob some overtuned some didnt
why is anni unviable
i dunno
i hate when ppl say that
as if 95% of guilds dont have at least 1 dude who pumps
but prot warr does seem pretty fine
just MD
threat hasnt been rough at all
yea their threat was totally fine for ally especially
its their dmg
in raid
which I guess is same as now for prot
mayb
yea im with yea
that makes sense
yea I still doubt giving spriest and resto shaman 5 crit wins
sorry fam
you just dont innervate mage with boomkin
you innervate self
the resto druid vates the mage
and mayb the feral too
thats the claim basically
that the chicken gains more than he gives to the lock and ele
but I really doubt that givin an spriest 5 crit and a resto sham 5 crit wins
can you elaborate that math
lol
even if paint is right, that boomkin is actually a dps loss
which I srsly doubt
3 hit on tanks has a value you cant exactly calculate for sure
it could be a big deal for threa
threat
your ignoring the ele also getting 5% crit
but yea
interesting claim true
heres a question tho
why run 2 mage
when you can run 1 more lock
still doubt that we get threat capped w good shatter use
not even true at all
destro is like a handy 400 dps ahead of arcane or more in any fight longer than 3 minutes
right now
thats facts

LOL
why do these fights favor locks
and why did you say they already beat locks
you were wrong man
spoiler theres not even a boomy in top lock mag parse bro
and that parse is 500 dps ahead of top arcane
you made good claim initially but dont reach about mages beating locks this phase
thats not what you said
ok it is
mayb
almost
i see
i read
most
I look at bosses that are not 1 minute long
because t5 is not 1 minute bosses
lol
thats logic mages still trying to grasp
I get it
very confusing
how long do you think boss in SSC takes
if you want a fruitful discussion
its actually a p good point but I still doubting 5% crit on 2 dead crit classses
have you done any math
also I mean realistically bis comp is is just 12 lock
I dont think it will be
yall dont have to be cringe like mage disc and say mean things when mages in room just to piss them off
i feel like your gonna live to regret this one
your gonna get threat capped
paint actually seems to have done some math on it hannu
have you
i told you why
threat
also I still doubt your claim its actually a dps loss
3% hit
are you cooked
can you write out your claim a bit on the dps gain of boomy
why do you say 3 hit isnt v important stabile
its always been sort of the defacto threat stat
has something changed
hanu do you have any math
or feelcrafting?
yea
thought so
paint can you stop dodging and flesh out your claim a bit
how you came to the 26000 number
well yea the guy making the claim is the mage who wrote the worst icyveins mage guide I ever seen
he isnt very trustworth

paint can you show how you got here pls
yes

heres the claim tho ryu
i dont know if you debunked alrdy
just that he came and presented that today
yes^
also the ele missing 5 crit
from boomy
why man
paint pls
lol
@Wrdlbrmpft
you spreading lies?
he basically ran away when asked for math so
spreged about locks doing less than mages and that im dumb because I only look at fights that "favor locks" (the 25 man fights that arent 1 min long)
and ran away
hes also the guy that put eye of mag on icy veins list and thought the blue neck from slabs was bis this phase
he has a very clear mage bias
yea I mean fire is bis for gruul mag theres no questions there
never has been
yea I mean its 30 dps more on gruul
to play arcane
even at max parse
its almost like mages arent doing fast kills?
hmmm wonder why
its almost like the top parse arcane got pi and 2 lust
in order to even beat fire
i mean why have mages not pumped in the faster kill time guilds
do a better one
I do know. Because the mage parses at top are all double lust PI memes
and top guilds
dont fucking meme parse mages
he has PI and 2 lust LOL
thats WHY
no
they dont
you see the little 3 number next to top mage
thats 3 buffs
aka PI 2x lust
the top lock is just 2x lust
and 2x lusting locks is standard if your sweaty guild
yes your right if fights are less than a minute arcane owns
I mean we all agree with arcaenus
if fight is short arcane strong
hes just clowning tho
ACTUALLY

fire lock is top of kara
over ALL arcane mages
HOWEVER that fire lock had 2xlust
so its kinda meme illl admit
turkeybrah didnt tho
to be fair
turkey did NOT meme spell steal
this
because mage infinite mana and we get 0 new gear in T5 right?
arcaenus stop being lazy and do real math
look at whole picture guys
arcane owns on < 3 min fights
and thats important because 3 minute fights exist only in kara
woah
woah now
you can talk like that when you show cam on lock talk mr
wrong
I do
Im all about crushing spirit
spirit is mage stat
can I get a healspls calllouit on lock talk
like yo my boy healspls
is a potato
ill take that
MGI shill
never uses imp once
monka hmmm
no
if you dream of cataclysm
i feel bad for you
cause your bad
alright so you have your seed set on
one mob left
you cast incin?
you only say that cause you dont have one
wat
hes not AE capped
cooked
jpaint take my instagram for the callout
its @bestfirelockworld
so get innervate
and use T5 4pce
gotcha
atm we have 2 ele and the aff lock is in a spriest ele god group
is that better than being in 2 atieshlock ele group
we actually need someone to do that
so we can shut up arcanes for good
IDS is pussy shit
PI
carry on then
also get full raid to ST maulgar
while you seed
i suppose the affliction that paid priests to shield his pet could indeed be the hero we need
never oom
use mage math
if fight is shorter, arcane better, if fight is longer arcane still better more icy veins
demo is a joke
different profile aka less dps than fire
so is fires
but yea yea demos not bad im trolling
i dont think shad destro 100% crit even beats incin 100% crit
esp if your precasting soulfire
have to sim it I guess
but probably like you get more out of your trinkets
i mean SP affects the FG
but
if you get above avg crit RNG
i dunno sim I guess
demo will have less variance than shad destro for sure
i thought would be really good
but
idk crit on seeds are kinda RNG
so i dunno anymore
???
mages have major threat reduc on their AE
why would it be seed set making the difference
depends
well I have seed set anyways so lock prio kekw
mages just gonna use MQG
and use
serpent brand
or quags
but tbh it doesnt seem v good for either anymore so i dont really care
yea I mean who would pass that up
for threat reduc
warlock rip also pulls mob out of pack and fucks the AE
mage rip just means dead mage
1k threat reduced on each crit
i dont think its the latter
doubt it magically wipes 1k threat
super lame
any thing that casts shadow spells is trash
1 spriest for mana
jk mayb we actually do need 1 shad destro or something
to not grief spreist
man raid dps is such a hard thing
so not anymore
even w affli by wayside
or you havent simmed that yet?
aka 3 fire 1 shadow
no aff
for the spriest
that
would be better prob
not all
is that true
why does demo have more crit
dont we have backlash
and demo doesnt
teactics is 5%
hmm
missed that one
well isnt conv knowledge that shad destro also casts corr
you have to check that the ISB loss between demo and shad destro hurts spriest more than the dps loss of palying shad destro over demo
its probably kinda a wash
oof
thank good
god*
fuck demo
I think someone who uses wowtbc.gg bis lists at all shouldnt be doing prios
for a guild
its not about what is "muh bis" its about most efficient uses of items
whats top 5 items for wishlist t5
im thinking
robes >  neck > sword > the BOP blasting pce cant remember which it is >  ???
yea whats longest lasting off piece
bracers
wand
ring
whats best
ok so wand then
robes >  neck > wand > blasting boots >  sword
???
or would you put wand over neck
robes > wand > neck > boots >  sword
should sextant be considered
who is competing on wand tho
big competition on boots sword neck
ryu afaik sextant is better for us than ele
my ele sham was simming
said its not good
and why the fuck would mage use it
they use serpent
paint disagrees
says sext replace quag
err
not quag
icon*
haha
my napkin math puts like equal to icon
but I suspect w hydross and vash adds
the value for seed crit
makes it bis
yea
need WA to track the ICD
so you never tap in the sextant proc
why?
spriests actually have no clue
they took tirisfal wand too to leave in bank
dont trust spriests
they have the worst wowhead
of anyone
greens are better than the items on their wowhead
at least alot of them
have to always double check your spriest
make sure hes not an idiot
i remember that
but they get enough hit incidentally
on certain items
jsut depends might still be bis im not certain
but I know that my spreist took tirisfal wand, and cant use it over green
because it said to take it on wowhead
i mean its v straight forward for the spriest gearing
find the most spellpower
and get your hit
its p obvoius whats bis if you lay it out on paper
exactly
thats all im saying
not that your spreist is dumb
just saying check man
are you sure its bis for everyone tho
are you really sure

from shadow priest list
indeed
i trust this doc
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yyVrYCtiprYr7i_REC5lhwN__wMAWQZs3N6AXFwbDlM/edit
theres some memes at the end where they say they should get ROAK prio
but its p good
much better than wowhead
i dont think that is actually so meme
if you consider they sit on dagger
til then
I think thats actually kinda fair
thing about spriest is they need to hit certain breakpoints for haste
that let them fit in mindblasts
into rotation
or they get 0 dps from haste
ye
ryu thats why play is to have magus blade, not leviathan
so your on equal footing w spriest
5head
i mean if it means your locks dont get a weapon til sunflare
it kinda seems shit
but yea
t5 dagger
what is that
you mean staff right
why cant spriests use that too
hannu re read
lol
prot pala should take mace and T6 first
not first ToC
thats my take
because he is shadow shill and zdoom is bis shadow
ToC isnt
can you guys make the links work
[sunflare]
why no work
@Zephan
probabl very bugged yes
interesting that you are no longer flexing atiesh at every turn
- 6 s
soulfire cast time
jpaint cam yes or no
cam or bust
also
your supposed to alternate which you chug
so you get both
chugs
because spells from talents are somehow broken
and stack
see Tree of Life
totem of wrath
BM hunter
10
DN is good in kara
prob not v good in 25s
but it cant be more than like 10% off of destro really
max
on single target
yes
Not according to spriest disc
Yea our spriest is troll so didnt look into that
Are you suggesting that T4 4 pce is not bis then
use mag gloves?
ok so what are you saying
ok
https://tenor.com/view/frodo-keep-your-secrets-alright-then-lotr-gif-12907121
lol you guys actually sit around after a wipe and wait lust CD
to parse
Maulgar
is that real?
you actually do that?
and imagine wasting 25 ppls time like that
to chase a spot on the leaderboards
like
who fucking cares
lumberjack brain
literally playing for lumberjack website
we try  the zerg strat but like paint if it fucks up we just carry on w our day
not wipe it up
scrub the log
and wait lust
that is the stupidest shit I ever heard
like all you ppl are the ones who memed ahluandoh for catering his raid to his parse
and now you are literally int wiping
waitin lust
to parse
what
are you seriously saying im salty that I dont sit around 10 min waiting lust for a parse?
I heard this hunter from a guild on our server made his raid do 6 hr kara, resetting for as little  as bad crit RNG on a boss pull
lmao
am I stroking you a lil close to home there?
you can dream
my cringe comment where I say its ridiculous to sit around int wiping and waiting for lust? What kinda degen world are you living in?
seems like your salty your called out bro
for doing cringe things for lumberjack website
blocking the idiot
yea I mean some ppl play the game for the lumberjack number I guess
yep whatever floats your boat but you wont catch me wiping to parse on HKM lol
it just amazes me
like
if thats actually the meta
can you imagine ppl doing that for MC
or in naxx or something
and this is glorified onyxia
like how can you be that invested
in a pink/gold number
theres min maxing and improving your game play and then theres resetting because you didnt get good rng on a pull so you can parse
they are quite distinct
one is about playing better, one is about gaming logs
this isnt a discord about how to game your HK M log
being a min max discord isnt about cheesing parses LOL
Does anyone know how Eye of Kilrogg works for aggroing mobs now
I have seen some video of @InsaneKane doing it in gold farming
but it seems to not aggro mobs for me
Is it just like, super delayed or?
in SP in anywhere
weird.
no kidding
really neat ability but so janky now it seems
jpaint is in mage disc
asking scryer or aldor and whether he should buy SS pants
hes a mage now guys
its over
cancel lock talk
scamazed
Imagine if I said opposite in mage disc :p
Lock disc not one malder
True class
nah chaotic doesnt even play
dont put that evil on him
I think paint anti shilling T5
is becasue he is mage
and he should be banned
T5 4pce is better for fire
hes just gone corrupt
im confused
is he playing fire or arc fire
or weaseling to arc frost
so wait whats the problem
lol....
no shit sherlock
first mistake was having more than 1 mage
i dunno shaggy as much as im a lock shil
you could see this coming
mage sims so scuffed pre tbc release
you cant really expect noone to change their mind
i played fire w the expectation that I may or may not be able to play it in T5
lol
i didnt realise they tryna force arc frost no spriest
thats pretty fucking monka
i mean it 100% is
its right on arcfrost ass in a 4 min sim as is
by mages own numbers
remember when I said I wish maulgar parse was all adds die and ppl mocked me saying WCL cant do that because blizz coded it

"Blizzard coded it nothing WCL can do waaaaah"
anyways safe to say maulgar isnt driven by blizzard and khira can probably change it with like 2 lines of code
yea but ppl didnt fucking wipe Luci if they had a bad pull
and redo it
for parsechasing
with good execution it probably is
AOE strat
12 locks XD
Bop ae taunt
Pala silence
Seed go brr
dude mag is not that harrd
what is the issue
are you in some shit split or something
are you wiping channelers alot?
just spread them out in triangle so you only ever have to kick 2 mobs at once
.....
wtf
my guild is not good but that would legit never happen
thats a bad omen for future content
that actually takes individual player responsibility
how can locks have hands full
banish AND fear
why do you have 2 lock guild
ssadge
never doom guild
"the healers cant handle the COR dmg"
have to doom
thats my favorite
lol nother day nother dumbass
i dunno man we did it on our alts with half brand new ppl and one shot it
wat
ah i see
18th time is the charm
chest to hunts?
how is that being nice
isnt that just kinda
trolling
i mean they just use skulkers surv or not
as far as I know
but w.e
just locking in that vash robe prio
big brain
yea thats what I hear
its uber rare
I mean you wiped 17 times
PI doesnt stack w lust right
ya
a sim
eye of the night is hard bis tho
if you count the buff to party
Id say anyone forcing 2 healer comp to zerg maulgar and run out does give a fuck about parsing
Or mages spell steal cheesing on many bosses
Like your half right but in TBC parses have defs become even more aggressively abused
DN makes up in aoe what it lacks in ST in kara
Kinda sus in 25 mans
Yea...
I think it should be more about personal / in guild performance
The pink numbers that compare you to random cheesers in other guilds are p aids
I mean if you do 25 mans easily then DN is a nice speedup for everything else you do
Heroics
Kara
Naxx
Execution too
Progress
All of the raidwide metrics are fine
We did 20 man naxx today
Was easy
Why?
Never really looked into it much
its just number of deaths right
idk I think thats a decent metric
eh i guess dmg taken is kinda weird
but deaths is fine
like what
lol
mayb in vanilla
with mages dying to roll a fat ignite
yea lol

this was supposed to be an item that cthun dropped
got datamined then removed
same phase that fire became strong for mage...
almost like blizz intended them to die
loool
i doubt it, the legendaries in vanilla had pretty fat proc rates
but yea mayb they that dumb
probably would be so aids for pvp with soulstone tho
no old god proc wipe it up and pull again
do ppl use this in pvp
Do you enchant deathfrost for pvp?
whats with these weird enchants
deathfrost spell surge battlermaster
what does using immo and SP have to do with this
its deathfrost
not soulfrost
well ppl in general
or locks
too
why not locks
I spam dots on ppl
it procs
its not actually out yet
so that might be why you dont see it?

what about this spellsurge enchant
and battler master
like they are so weird
but why are they in the game lol
eh
you cant really control keep numbing up on 5 can you
unless your just tabbing shivs
i thought he WAS you
thats pretty lame
true demo is super lame
so my guild has 2 copium locks
that refuse to play fire
even tho we have fire mage
and they are now trying to theory craft using flame cap
just for immolate
lol
i know
I told them it doesnt matter they dont have spellfire
just cast incin
and use a flame cap
no
What is the mechanic that causes infernals to die
why do they sometimes linger into the boss fight
on mag
mayb?
I dont know
1 hit = 1.88 SP in no world boss fire bis
1 crit = 0.77 SP
however its not just stat weights right its like opportunity costs of wearing diff gear and gems
gems with hit are one of the most efficient trades SP for hit you can make
yes.
bear in mind though that that is assuming alot of raid buffs that increase your crit
which you may or may not have in your own raid especially in Kara
which would increase the SP value of crit
link
fiery wrath boots?
are those better than maiden boots
or are you js getting desperate
yea just despeate
desperate*
poor paint
just dont play demo kek
demo gives blue beam to hunter
rather if you play demo
sim for yourself
noone knows what raid buffs you have
but I would just do CSD probably
CSD good for seed
i guess msd is too but the gemming is so aids
PPFairy is using CSD and he is top demo
so just copy him lol
use CSD
top affliction is using spellstrike hood
so do that
or just sim it
yes .
yea I mean in the future run your own sims
replace
but they are gone
let this be a lesson to do your own homework
not copy someone elses
does it require soothe paint
hehe I do that too
yeaaaa
the play is you take their money
then you tll them
how much you sell nether for
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/210334528915374081/865634422518186014/gs.webm
send this
bear stealth in like chad
yea just let classes with incidental aoe like ele sham warrior do the cleave
and ST the boss
lust after imp dies
try to kill in 45 s
Ryu the new work done by Quas looks pretty thorough....
Do you have an actual reason why its bad
I thought cata was excluded from conclusion. is 75% ISB unrealistic?
well if you talk to quas now he says that any guild should decide for themselves
and stil really need to see content
but I think Ryu that the gain from fire being 86 dps is what makes the thing such a wash....
hi
mages say they hate warlocks but its a big show

right now in mage disc
tell me
was my pasta wrong
i never said you said it was
crit and crit metagem
unless your some MSD weirdo
is that just msd
or all metagems
can I stick a pvp metagem in and just log out and in
and grind pvp for hours
is there any list of pvp items from dungeons
or is there just no point
just que BGs till have gear
quick
is cloak of untold secrets good for illidan tanking or w.e
I killed the boss 5 times yesterday
no enchant tho
i think ench might be heroic only so 1 a day
but can do the normal boss 1ce a day per summoner
i think it bugs sometimes and lets you summon multiple same
but we were resetting
after first room but must kill a bit of trash to clear room
yea those are good
yea theres really not much to see in vanilla anymore for me
I mean its really not trash single target its just not as good  as noraml DS destro
Your losing DS to get :
Emp Corr
Nightfall
Shadowfury
A pet 
threat reduction on seed of corr
what about hunters
gross
on 2 bosses
lol
and have 2 kara rings
hunter simping to kill ony better
hunters do top dps on mag and gruul .... what else?
not on overall kara not on kara bosses
lol
what hunters are topping overall dps in kara
lol

hunters are only good at killing ST bosses that punish casters and melee for clicking
you gonna write 3 things and expect me not to respond?
lol
you can just ignore me
yes and mag and gruul are representative of 25 man riads
kekw
the sad truth is it probably woulda made TBC a massive joke as guilds shit all over SSC with no gear from prev raid tier
well at least now we have the allure of SSC or TK possibly being hard
lol
yep
is there rumors of when SSC drops?
yes they can
lol
they can do whatever they want
if you actually think they will extend arena S 1 into Phase 2 your cooked tbh
actiblizz will do what makes them money
they dont care about your arena season
^
imagine thinking your getting 2 week notice for arena season end when they barely gave that much for expac launch lol
Then your healers suck
I end the beam phase around 4-5k and you can go higher tpo
Theres nothing else to heal
As aff you give hunter or fury beam really
The aoe pulse is tiny raid dmg
The tank can heal himself
You could 1 heal that fight
With full beam
?
The reality is most players are actually terribly bad
Why are you 3 phasing spite at this point? We 1 phased with ele sham getting meme beamed
Yea sure
Arcane > fury w reck > destro > hunter
You 1 phase it w literally any dps
Spellfilchers buff 10 times for 80 percent dmg
Spite is only hard if ppl in ypur raid dont understand how to use the mechanics to advantage
Beast farming again today
5?
Maybe this is fifth
Lol i think ive killed  at least 50 probs alpt more
Problem is ppl are super selfish retail brained
If it was tank loot it would be forced beast farm all week
Imo shade harder
Spite is just assign beams
None of it is hard
Beta shade man
I just fear beta shade
We do that every week
Did you use books
And stack
Thats why you fail
You need to abuse ae healing
To survive blizz
Hence stack
no im saying aoe healing
like
CoH
chain heal
etc
and then the books are the pile of books that if you stand behind you wont get sucked in
on beta we HAD to do that strat
and we still wiped like 20 times
it was really broken
the blizz was taking whole room
the dragons breath was double ticking
2 shotting ppl
anyone doing PTR SSC next week?
?
they removed?
lol
w.e it was
idk i got no time
wanna watch a stream tho
o lol I hope its hard af
but its not gonna be
no just after popping trinks
and mana pot
yea
what he said
right now in this phase?

gruul 99th percentile
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/zone/statistics/1008#boss=650&dataset=99
hardly need math
future phases theres some math on the mage disc that is fairly honest
a few questionable assumptions but
its in the ballpark
they get hurt p badly if you have noone doing ISB
i think the play is have at least one bolt provider
cut affliction
if you dont cut aff
then just have aff be the bolt provider
for personal dps fire > shadow
for your raid dps
it depends alot on your raid
and your kill times
depends ALOT on kill times
and the amount of support you can assume
you really have to do the math for your own raid
its 2x veins because of cold snap iiirc
which is pretty huge
but on long fight
they just oom faster as frost
and the arc fire vs arcfrost evens out
@Hannu 
/use 13
/use 14
/cast Flame Cap
/cast Blood Fury
/cast Destruction Potion
/cast Incinerate(Rank 2)
/cqs
and mana pot is just
mana pot
incin
cqs
magic. basically if you spam that while your casting incin, youll go right into a incin with everthing popped
as if you did normal spell queuing

@Hannu this is what it does basically
look at the times
not firestone
yes
well fire does cast doom
firestone doesnt sim very good for me
its nice for prebis
but raid wands and black stalk are better
nice strat w the 5 stack and 5 chain
but
triple lust
kekw
do you use a 26th man to do swaps
25% of time it just doesnt work
that actually does make sense
how do you handle the kicks
with 5 stack
do you not tongues?
yea
do you have a P3 setup foty
i wanna see what pieces last into P3
i think its wand only right
or does neck last too
so top prio items are robe neck wand
theres no neck in T6?
yea
seems like we just get fucked on loot all fucking game man
bis for everyone but barely better than melee necks
not really good for bear
zephans is more user friendly imo
only because paints gets stuck sometimes
would it be worth to take green beam AND blue beam as warlock

yea me neither
why?
forward 2 feet
just dont get void zone bro
its beam meme cheese
get void zone
just wipe
well i think you will see mages doing double beam soon
and furies too
i dont know if its worth for us
and no thats not necessarily true
the benefit for mage is massive
and for fury its p pog
you have big rage cost reduction
they get all the upsides and no downsides
yea i have to see it in action
see if you have room to step forward
I think you do tho
void zones are tiny
the outcome that was only loosely explained by paint
was that you use sextant over icon
but the thing is you probably need a WA to track your sextant ICD
if you have to tap during sextant
you are not getting gains
like who tho
i dont think so man
ive looked around
noone wants it
apparently not
but i didnt lok that hard
my ele sham simmed it
arcane I dont think wants it
they have
class trinket
and MQG
and TLC
if anything its ele/boomy
right yep
me too
and I think thats part of the strength of it btw, the fights in SSC have add phases that you will both ST and Seed for a portion
and so you get more gains from it than a ST PW sim shows
if I drop ench
im not leveling that again
fuck that shit
no
belt of blasting?
boot of blasting?
i guess
but then you need to drop spellfire imediately
if I have the gold sure
but then you do lvl tailoring back again
for sunfire robe
help
should I res restrained essence
is it ever good to use icon essence
over quag
yep
im resing it for swaps
so i can have a icon every pull basically
hey are fight durations in hildi sim in minutes or seconds
wat
ok
seconds
when I openeed it the duration was 1
so I thought it might be min
and does anyone know if it uses actives multiple times
so I was in Naxx last night - no fire mage
and I was doing way more dps with fire than shadow
i started shadow and kept losing to fire lock
swapped fire and topped dps
COR increase dmg taken therefore costs more mana for speedrun
but id still COR in that comp
we stack as ranged slightly away from the boss which doesnt mean you get to full cleave it always but its still pretty amenable to all
if ppl are good about doing dmg to the add they shouldnt give the lock pushback
if ppl are greedy and refuse to tab and want to just straight cleave the boss , your gonna give the lock pushback
not every class has natural cleave. I see no reason why hunters, enhances,  and other melee can not swap target and kill the add so that casters arent getting a literal haste nerf from pushback
lol
fire and shadow are same shit man
how the hell is aff a net positive with 4 casters in raid
this is just scuffed
yea I did
and aff is never a dps gain w 4 casters
try like 8 casters
bye
lol he edits his post
and runs away
im not trolling
aff adds 2.7% per caster. For it to be a dps gain with 4 casters you do 100-(4*2.7)=89.4..

Affliction does not do 90% of a destros dps. And that is just to break even.
Bye.
ok
its not a meme
thanks for remind
i forgot because I never cast shadowbolt
yea it does happen to bad players

kekw
i looked at this log and learned
never cast shadowbolt
none of logs matter
i mean I get 99 for free in even shit comp w green parsing dps
so
kinda shows how shit shadow is really
you have no ISB in kara
if you think onyxia 2.0 is more relevant than kara in literally anyway
your cooked out of your mind
excuses
if your gonna call ppl bad for playing a spec dont get all defensive when ppl link your blue median score
no
its also influenced by number of shadow locks in raid
5 shadow locks with 50% crit > 1 shadow lock with 50% crit
yes

i dont need to check
yes
its not tho
if spriest is there leeching
adding shadow locks is noticeably better
for ISB uptime
yea but that graph isnt 1% difference man
its much more than that
your looking at 10 -20% uptime diff based on number of locks w spriest in raid
lol argument keeps changing
first its 2 %
and it doesnt matter
now its less than 10
lol
no
you were wrong
having more destros effects ISB uptime
the end
greatly
yes it is
yep
are you blind
or just stupid
or trolling?
you're utility


bye.
id say its big
and id say you were completely wrong
and now your backpedalling
noone cares
affli is fun for sure
if you think shadow destro is most fun spec i feel sorry for you
no they wont
the bolts dont even know your name
no
https://tenor.com/view/im-in-my-prime-funny-ironic-age-old-gif-11480659
thats peli casting shadowbolt
for the 1000000000th time
tell me how often do you go down the list of top parsers, trying to find a non "fire cheeser" to compare your dick to
o he was fire
he doesnt count
o him too
ok this one russian guy did shadow
yea I doubt that
based on your intense reaction to getting your parses linked
you care
about them
alot
yea your big salty
Im heezzy
shiver me timbers
but i do play a warlock
wat
i do that every week
fire very clearly beats shadow
theres also plenty of logs on WCL
to prove this
news flash the class is a literal joke
you press 2 buttons
i already posted my name
lol
im not here to dick size
im here to say that shadow is bad
because it is
k
thanks
noone cares
noone cares
yes
i cant make gold for shit
i make tons of gold just playing game naturally
but idk how to farm gold anymore
gold farming channel is now just
how to solo slave pens
is that even good gold
prospecting is just RNG its not really good profit
so 600 g every what 1 week that quag drops
spending like 15 min at least a day soloing it
thats not really that good
wtb real gold farming channel
rename current one to how to solo pens
lol yep
i doubt that
best farm I have found is mana motes  in netherstrom
just do lap for motes, then kill the mana mobs while motes respawn
repeat
i hate throne of kj
id rather fucking fish
than sit at throne
if you play a holy warrior the shadows will forsake you or something Peli
mayb thats why cant parse orange in kara
you leveled a pala
thats just kill times and fight execution
its almost like without a raid carrying you you cant do good dmg
i went and got lunch and you still tagging me upset about your kara parses being linked
tbh parses are so fucking stupid for warlock
like what ddoes flexing parses even mean
you press 2 buttons
no first he decided to troll the disc and call ppl bad players for playing fire
shadow sucks
i can back it up
shadow doesnt actually suck peli is just cringe trolling
he does this every week or so
comes in and pours his salty tears that hes stuck on shadow spec
you can read his post history
yea just to you who is useless troll
yes
Isnt the whole reason lock tanks is because he casts aoe fire on the tank
If a pala tanks it
Melee cant dps
Lmao
Why do you think locks tank it
Yea mayb that works but that is the reason a lock tanks it
Foty slacking
Yep
hmm
do locks out threat shadow priests
why doesnt a shadow priest tank the boss
he has such terrible gear on his warrior
its a cringe
but he has a DST
ye I guess lock is better
i have fully enchanted fire res gear
dont fucking go prot pala on me now

yea
it seems to say its possible
to tipper the aoe range
but the threat is probably dogshit in fire res gear I guess
a pala in fire res gear is gonna threat cap locks
o i guess you gear lots of SP is argument
meh
mayb
a 500 SP unbuffed pala threat caps me in current gear.
even on a demon
yes
that is literally what we just wrote
searin pain kinda fucks
well pala can take eye for an eye
for tanking caster
eye for an eye seems sick honestly
for tanking that

o
nvm
all boss spells in pve cant crit right
so eye for an eye is an actual monkas talent
my pala tank was boasting about his eye for an eye dmg in spec
and i looked logs saw it did no dmg
thought it must be bugged on WCL
nope
hes just a retard
well
then the prot pala cant help tank melee phase at all
but its an idea
@Stabile can any spells in pve crit
even mobs spells
none right
its literally dead talent
god
so we have 1 good prot pala
and 1 retard
who pretends hes a genius
and every week I find out some new reason
hes retarded
yea no but you could avoid the threat drop
thats why avoidance good on broodlord
in theory at least
you could block it on private
so i would swap shield and block it
but idk never played tank in bwl
on live
yea
yea
wait who
prince?
wait what
prince as in Kara boss prince
drops aggro
?
wtf
lol and so sometimes he enfeebles the tank
thats so dumb
....
just because you have never seen it
doesnt mean it cant happen
it would only happen if you had a very specific amount of dps in your comp
ive done kara 8 times
never seen it
he probably just got jibbed
ive seen that
p much
I thought sextant was expected to be on par with icon.
Also, calling Nexus Key a "best" item seems very misleading
its implying its just as good as atiesh
or glad staff
same for spellstrike vs T5 legs
one of them is best
not both
ssomeone lemme know how much resist needed for hydross
because fire bis
mage sheep scorch bot
always has been hannu
adds with chunk are just good because we have infninite mana right
and other classes peter off
many tanks are terrible at the game
pretty normal for ppl to be bad at tank
especially warr tank
true but tanks stick out like sore thumb I guess
he should use revenge more
his gameplay is not terrible
like he seems to know his rotation
hes just not great at it
Never delay SS
shield slam that is
hit revenge more
well
you can try to do like a more positive approach
instead of telling him how bad he is
you could talk about like hey man what if you ddual wielded I saw other tanks doing it in kara
wait
i think I see the problem
you have 1 shaman
your getting lust
he isnt
thats the biggest issue by far
^
yea
but he doesnt
even good tanks I cant just get lust when they dont have lust
what you mean foty
as in
tank getting destroyed?
link stream @Hannu
Yea its Resist
these guys owned mag
well they are like "good" tbc guild
the one that takes 4 shams to raid
hannus meta best meta
they were like first ones to stack channelers
and i dont think they ever even bothered again
that 15 on speed
is probably month old
mayb more
im p sure I know why they are wiping
they have 2 mages
and 2 rogues
llol im not champion of resist whiteknight
but they a good guild
yea ppl dont always have full roster on PTR
or beta
this is awesome
what I dont get tho
is why that was a wipe
they had boss 80 %
1 person dead
whats the problem
so apparently
when boss moves to that spot
he spawns adds
and threat drops
and swaps the form
ofc
yes
im just explaining it
so it loks like they can burst it down
but they really cant
because they are threat capped
because tanks are wearing res gear
its raidwide debuff yes
that is the mechanic
that is why you need res gear
its all buyable on ptr
all gear from the entire first phase is
including res gear
MOTC
etc
I think they have 2 warr tanks hannu because you cant buy druid res gear on PTR
its just plate crafted
well yea
dezolate is tank
disagree its really not diff
mages expect 2pce T5 prio for good reason, and locks expect 2pce t4 prio for good reason.
They are both bis sets with far better set bonuses than the other classes competing for token and are used heavily into the following phase.
you can nuance about how much dps each class gains from the set vs bis or something
but mages should be able to understand why they dont get T4 shoulders AND T5 prio
its very simple
ye
they shouldnt get bloodmaw magus either really
but try telling them that
they get Nexus Key prio
Arcane bis is 4pce T5 they dont even want Vash
we wouldnt get prioed a leviathan if we had bloodmaw
they will get prioed a nexus key even tho they have bloodmaw
thats the difference
pala
pala gets prio in our guild
ok
yea so we actually have to fight other casters for this robe not mages
its not like we get vash robe over mages
shoulders gloves or shoulders helm
they both "want it" neither of them should get it over locks realistically, they have alternate robes they can loot
so I was in naxx with no fire mage. And I was playing shadow because spriest. And one of our locks kept playing fire and he was clearly beating me by a good margin over many fights
I swapped fire
and was back on top for rest of raid
Is it REALLY just fire mage
or do I need 4 ISB providers
to make shadow better than fire
no
o yea
i have 2pce
yea I was thinking my spellfire gear might just outperform
even w no fire mage
wasnt really KT that I was strugglign as shadow
it was like PW
Thaddi
etc
loatheb shadow still obvs the way to go
that wasnt the issue
yea sure but I think its also just how much better my fire gear is
i should sim it
we also had 2x spriest in this naxx and 2 locks doing incin so like the ISB situation was bad
yea
he should do frost
hey stabile can you send your druid set
wanna send to me druid for comparison
so ours said hes not doing polar because its trash
farmed res greens/blues
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/gtuVr6n2PPXHQzGcstVw8t
heres his set
hmm
ell he can always pair down resists if its over kill
yea thanks I passed that info along
frozen runes went up hard
but I have like 1000 in gbank
@Stabile thanks you make good points
he put alotta work into gathering his set
but I think he missed the avoidance in favor of stam
wat lol
you burned runes for mag?
why
bruh they selling like 20 g a pop now
that was a mistake
shoulda just used pots
honestly its perfect example of why wiping for mag parses is dumb
pissing away gbank money
to parse on mag
its a waste if you end up needing gbank gold in the future to prog content
if not
your right
its fine
25 g per on AH
on my server
frozen runes

lets go boys
probably not even dude
you can probably walk in there at 70
and just fucking get them
I mean on my lock I dumpster dived for like 4 runes
per lockout
4 thaws I mean
aggro range is still reduced
you might not be able to make it through mili
i mean I promise you aggro range is reduced at 70 I do naxx every week
but doesnt mean you can loot all the runes
he cant get legs he took the healer legs for quest during naxx
you got an alternate for the legs?
probably just the green
i guess ppl been using for mag
protection against infernals
they been up a bit in price for a while now actually
and that explains it
could be good for that
but the main use is crafting druid tank set
for hydross
i mean they dont share pot cd
they are HS cd
yea or flamecap
for leo specifically
um
can we just say they are really good
so ppl buy them
why?
just cause the dmg at start is shit
so kinda pointless to prepop
so I wasted 100 badge?
ill send you invoice stabile
im meming a bit lol
i wanna see our tanks squirm on hydross and then just handle leo like cake
and then start meming that I need tank prio
you just flame cap retards
shadow brain
your brain on shadow
should I HS or rune or seed
no you take 80 free spellpower because its a joke in your fire res
your gonna use flame cap
stop trolling
just ss yourself
flame cap
alright wake me up when meme is over
being demono would be good
but not needed
anyone got good logs of kills from PTR
??
T5 isnt big upgrade for us
all the good shit is T6
its not really depressing lol
i mean its huge for mage
its p huge for alot of ppl
the T5 set bonuses are really good for enhance too
yea they are spriest bracers
its just dumb give to spriest
show the spriest you know whats best for him
and arent tryna fuck him over
i dunno
prolly
imagine splitting for warrior DSTs
but cant bother to do basement
hunter DSTs?
kek
30 dps no weaving
vs hourglass
prolly but well see
ZA gonna come out and all of a sudden wow that trinkets actually really good for us we were dumb about DST cant use the haste with all this haste gear blah blah
sure
some
hunters have a bad history of fuckin their shit up tbh
love hunter disc
good ppl
often wrong
stabile my druid is now noting that you arent crit capped in your set either
you have any thing to comment about that
ty
its on PTR
ik
just saying
its there
yea
but its cheap flask
no thistle
its badges bro
hehe
ty
im sure if you asked for them to pay your spellthread they would
the rest of the chants are so cheap man
as someone who runs guild ppl often take something I say out of context and get upset about "the tone" or w.e
its prolly harmless
just talk to guild dont get upset
and harbor some shit
and then 3 months later it gets brought up for some weird argument reason
yep
@Stabile rate new set
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/sjywKv8at5pnh9WL2j9N6q
yea
i mean dft was only deviation
we dont run boomy atm
makes sense tho
my druid says thank you
and have a beary nice day
tonight yea
he cant make  it tho
yea lemme know after you try
nice to have some flexibility
reminder dont doom hydross
FULL BIS PTR LETS GO


ive been top dps on like every pull in ssc
lol
its a seed meta for sure
theres a arcane mage from mage disc in run
and he is nowhere
on any meter
big ooms
idk i think it was like pirvate/half logged or something
it was so scuffed everyone was drunk and retarded lol
we killed like 3 bosses ?
how did it go for you
You cant get it from main towns
Does anyone know solarian strategy? Talking to some, sounds like locks might need to tank in Arc Res.
Is it a good idea to pick up this set for progression
well warlocks can still dps while soaking right
link log? can I see gear
what mechanic are you soaking exactly?
so they have 450 res but can still tank the adds I guess?
would you put affliction and boomy on arcane duty?
if your doing caster tank
yes they did
im looking at your log
ok
well would you do that again shaggy
or who would you have tank instead
the tanks dont need real gear?
for adds?
hes a mage that ninja looted warrlock gear
hes peak scumbag
Ik using scryers gem in my set
Threat is easy tbh
Focus on res and dmh
Fuck glove enchant
Dmg*
If your melee cant survive mag in middle, then they are doomed in SSC TK
melee best get used to dealing with things that can kill them and not expecting the raid to cater to them.
!realbisraidsetup
at what point are you replacing 4pce T4 as shadow
is it as soon as you get like any SSC gear
or only vash robes
yea I figured
like replace as soon as you get engi helm?
ye
Ryu whts your guild gonna do for arc res on Solarian
Crixx too
I saw you type
i bet man
its not that good its slightly more average dps on a sim
i wouldnt use either
it doesnt take your aggro, it makes you "lipped"
if you played classic
it makes you invulnerable so boss will attack someone else
its not really necessary to do demo
you can if you wanna be super safe for prog
but like felguard sucks on that fight
i was totally fine with 100 BOJ  + fire res from the attune quest
only thing that CAN get dicey is if you push the 15% phase while you still have stacks from demon phase
but if you do that
you just let threat bounce around or call for another lock to pick up
until you drop stacks
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/xoT2xJ58y7jLATbCx2WwmG
this is what I ran on beta
used dps consumes
dmg flask flame cap
threat was a non issue
I was incinerating for dmg
dont forget to click off salv like me
even when I forgot about salv - I was still miles ahead
we were lusting demon phase cause of my threat
like i wouldnt get threat enchant to gloves or anything like that
better to get more resist if you wanna play it safe
but it wasnt really necessary
ye lol
its stabile's list
thank him
im currently chasing ruby drape number 2
so I can fire res enchant it
and the maulgar belt
the maulgar belt is crucial because it lets you turn on meta gem
yea you can
only sketchy if you push the phase
because he will be demon again
and you will have high stacks
but you can just call for another lock to pick up
he shouldnt die in first few casts
at 0 stacks
i dont think theres any other breakpoints
res is linear
until you hit the 100% no full dmg break point
lol i hate you
i have mystic spellthreaded pants
Stabile did you actually try that
because he was getting close to me sometimes and the melee were getting rekt
and I wasnt as close as a pala would be
how was threat
i blame you
i pissed like 1000 gold and 100 badges on this shit
sending invoice
what server
do you wanna pay me on
okay cool

i think mages are pretty sure lol
exactly
shadow is kinda pog in SSC NGL
half the fights I was preferring shadow anyways
is it tho
tidewalker
hydross
its 12 mobs right
so your barely AE capped
guess thats a good point
dont you hit seed aoe cap around 11 mobs
lol I mean themobs dont all die at once your still seeding when theres 6 mobs left
I farmed the fire locks as shadow on that fight shrug
and we had fire mage
???
but you dont beat them
no
you dont
you do not beat Icy Veins AE
its not threat
you dont beat them in raw dps
no you dont
veins AE beats seed
if its a long fight and they oom sure
but no in a vaccuum with CDs you do not beat AE dps with seed.
at any number of mobs
yea
if your argument is they oom sure
but thats not what you said
you said you do more dps with seed than a mage
eh I mean mages didnt really keep up over all the pre lurker trash with locks
but in a given pull with their CDs yes
they can top
yea I mean thats why you dont stack mages
but saying lock is better AOE DPS than mage arcane explode is kinda bullshit
unless its a very extended thing
just depends on length but locks have some nice advantages on morogrim
helped me beat mages in SSC trash
so id say not meme
the locks in full bis gear on PTR
were behind mage
me only one above mage
its better than stormcaller and bis for seeding
no its better lol
it sims better on average
sure but you could say same thing about quags
^
the thing about it is its a long ICD
so you kinda know before you pull if its gonna proc
i kinda wanna just not cast on the trash before
because we fast pull so ppl can have rage
lol
so I never have proc up
i think im actually gonna do that
just not cast on trash
before maulgar
lol
not even man lol its 2 trash mobs
let the warrs get rage kappa
not like we are wipinng or running out
that is way more degen
yea
ehh
the thing is they greed cleave alot
look how much dmg they actually do to maulgar
sometimes its only like 1k dps to maulgar
2k dps of cleaving
they can, yes
YMMV in your own guild
your dropping arms next phase?
that early?
arms should be slapper in next phase I think
it really depends how they play it foty
ive seen alot of pad
that is the best log in game
ahls log
6k dps 4k on boss
ok sure
thats also what ahls log has tho
yea but sometimes they dumb brain and over cleave
its also to the warrs benefit to kick a 50k heal
lol
ours has never kicked
mald
and sure shaman could kick
but so could he
yep
i been watching alot of retail and man ppl in classic are so pathetic
like ppl havew to soak and shit voluntarily in retail
and we cant even get a kick
like its actually dogshit gamers
that cant do one fucking thing
in a raid
lol
prot warriors that dont kick too man
tilt
yea but I mean I am a nice warlock I single target on Moroes and shit while my warr gets full cleave parse. It would be nice if they did the few things they have to do and not greed out completely every week.
o com on lol skipping a 50k kick is not pushing it
there are some situations where yes this applies
but this is not one of them
its a giant dbm warning
i cast tongues every week
for ppl to not fucking kick it
they can do it
they just conciously refuse to
because selfish
like this is the thing about fury warrs being selfish. Its not just about their raid spot. Its about how they tend to play the game
they taunt mobs to tax healers so they can pump more
they dont kick
they dont demo
or tclap
or sunder
they complain if you ever want them to tank on a fight
etc
stand in fire for rage and shit
ngl tho I kinda hate playing lock and rotating curse assigns its like 1ce a month you get to pump
rest of time your JC neck curse assign cucked
and then these dumb dog hunters think they out dpsed you because you were on owl neck curse of elements
It just feels really bad if the one week your on doom ppl fuck up the fight and you wait another month to try again
or if your curse of tongues and ppl arent kicking
Same
Yep
ashes, the neck off KT
mages have ashtongue trinket
who else would get skull
the ele sham?
they dont need the hit
the spriest? dont need the hit
you use ashtongue trinket and you like it
srry that blizzard made 2 god tier class trinkets for you
and skull of guldan for us
way she goes
But our bis is T5, which we pass
we wont have gotten our bis easily
?
but your right
you dont need that argument
you have a trinket that sims just as well you get for free with rep
your right and neither does skull to mage
literally ashtongue sims better on some fights
Good LC shits all over GDKP
have fun losing skull to some boosting magus
dont think this math is dright
ok sure yea that makes sense

so this makes mark of the champion only slightly better than quags on this fight
if that means quags is overrated
sure
i mean you banish and fear faster and get back to casting
its still good isnt it
i think to really benefit from 5 stack you need to bring many locks
otherwise you dont really get seeds
you just get aids banish shit
most of the time
yea ppl been using frozen runes for infernals
to not get jibbed
during 5 stack
we killed the adds on the melee platform first
and then killed our own feared adds
seemed to be better to free up the tanks
pretty much
i mean as long as im casting spells on adds
does it matter which I kill first
fearing some and nuking some first
is jut reducing the healing req
making it easier
its not like its necessary
but its also not like theres any reason not to
well thats not what im talking about
that seems dumb yes
FYI tho if you go melee range of adds on your platform you die
if they arent feared
Killing them works fine ....
shh dont tell them I need gauntlets of martial perfection
uncontested
they say that simming ret accurately is impossible
and pretend that DST is somehow stronger than their dogshit sheet says
because of that
but provide nothing to back it up
have to look at logs
but its not important
you can kill them all before he comes out
whoever said to keep them cced just ignore it
we cced ours, helped kill the adds on platform
then finished ours off
it took like 2-3 casts per mob to kill
this
they spawn you insta coil fear and then nuke the adds on other platform
then nuke your own adds
and back to boss
that seems honestly optimal for minimizing dmg taken
unless your gonna waste shit tons of gcds keeping them feared
yep
id say twinblade arms prio, world breaker ret prio
sunking gloves arcane mage prio
whats LHE
sun king
the sun king glvoes
Mage shouldnt want wand as much as SP lock
Nexus Key should be mage prio right
not equal to lock prio
mages use 4 pce and sun king gloves
id prolly prio them sunking gloves over boomy
is that even bis for boomy
over spellfire
fang?
o NO
mage uses nexus key
Cowl of the grand engineer I would prio not to locks @Graciak give to spriest
still waiting for that math
and the assumptions used
moonkin bis because they soak on solarian and buff group while being useless themselves
if a lock soaks on solarian
you losing dps
thats bullshit
its about 100 AP per person
Jpaint is actually trolling pretending that only pets benefit from Imp FF
like
it you do some math and its not worth fine
but that point is full trolling
you can absolutely drop hit on gear and gain solid amounts of stats with a boomy
resto
this is true yes
but the question for 99% of ppl is if its worth in standard comp
and paint refuses to post any math
and also makes wild claims like the hit is wasted
on anyone that isnt a pet
that is verfifiably false
well id just like to see the evidence
im not saying hes wrong
but when he says shit like that
its hard to believe
it amounts to about 100 AP for most classes
catch me w 6% crit more than jpaint next raid
theres a new idol next phase
balance brings more than feral tho
its always fucked to use all bosses when 1 is maulgar zerg where mages are tanking
isolate gruul
and it wont look like that
or isolate mag
thats more like it
when boomy is about same as ele sham
seems worth fam
nope
rock life
@Graciak what was the thought behind this bizarre verdant sphere prio?
Verdant Sphere : protpal>hunter>rsham/rdruid/hpriest>hpal>casters (non-SP)>ret/enh
it does seem a bit bigger for hunters than casters
whats the ROS neck
yea nice neck
kinda hard to get probably
mayb casters = healers
i dunno
ele wants KT one
and wont take ROS neck
arcane probably wants sunking too
mages defs want nexus key tho
that should probbaly prio them
and your fang should say prot pala > lock probably
i mean tbh it IS big for healer
so if you wanna put them equal on it to caster
I would be fine
its like almost double the healing
not as big for us sadly
is it?
why?
hmm
no
give to spriest
while he take back seat on tier
t5
or engi
or t4
because its good
p sure mages should be getting mag wand prio atm
and thererfore we should be getting wand prio next phase
mayb along w spriest
Theres no int on wand
and mage doesnt really want hit
it is
for mages
because of int
yea cause they dont know
Ok now fix Nexus Key
and fang
and I think we gucci
Ele/Equi>Lock/Mage>SP
is equi supposed to be balance
easily should be mage = ele/equi if not straight mage prio
since ele balance should have dagger
Nexus Key
o also @Graciak I think mage 4 pce > hunter 4 pce
or at least equal to them
gain of mage 4 pce is about same as hunter 4 pce, and they will actually wear the interim pieces, not have to wait for a set
sure
we ran some sims on mage disc and its basically same it seems
i was the one shilling hunter so
well they lose beastlord to gain that set
its not all upside
so its about 80 dps for hunter from beastlord
i feel like survival gets first set
and survival mayb first neck too
from KT
sure second neck then
no
the neck tho?
That neck isnt that good is it
Hailstone Pendant is pretty pog
so is the resil neck
Warr in T5 only takes like 4 pieces from raid I thought
rest is pvp
^
yea I think its mage prio assuming those 2 have dagger
but graciak logic is fine enough
Yo @AlexTheSeal prot pala disc is trash
I did NOT think they would be this toxic and cringe
lmfao
actual fucking pala psychopaths in the disc lmao
OT ofc
but threat seems good for trash?

sheeesh these dropped
they bis for seed i think
and for arcane
we gave to ele sham
its probably better for eles in any cleave
just like its good for us when there is seed
ugh you guys are so cringe when you say cringe things about mages being hondas
yall are better than this dont stoop to mage disc level
just trying to make mages rage
its so cringe
banned 2x actualy
but not by jfriendly
mages also unbanned me
ye lmao its actually sad how shit it is
i dont recommend TLC, MAYB shifars/sextant
still plenty of ST on Tidewalker
it seems strong but in practice it feels so fucking bad man
mayb it works for tidewalker tho
since the AOE is long
id want sextant I think
over TLC
because you still single target half the time
never simmed it
just assumed its bad
TLC eats stormstrikes too
sextant probs better
my exp is TLC is dogshit
ye
engineering is chad but dropping tailoring for 1 phase feels stupid
wish I skipped ench for engin
I have another toon to play now and dropping tail for engi seems big waste
If I have the gold tho , sure
mayb its not so bad  really
but still not high on my prio list
to level engi for 1 phase
I always kinda thought engi would be better than ench but I jebaited
and I spent thousands leveling ench
so im here now
well too bad for them
shouldnt get the helm regardless of what stupid prio you put
if the engi in my guild out dpses me cause of goggles
ill go engi
lol
but I actually think ghost is right long term bis play is engi tail
not engi ench swapping back to tail
sapper is chad
literally every tier "plenty of guilds" fail the content
and dissolve
in one way or another
and yes, just like every tier "plenty of guilds" will struggle and not get tons of t5 helms
ALOT of ppl will fuck tidewalker
the rest of bosses are p easy I think but you can still fail them
i mean tidewalker is kinda easy too its just perspective
meh on recruit and attune replacement attune takes 1 day if rushed its just like any raid tier with attunement
problem with this version of game is that so many ppl jump ship at first sign of trouble in prog
ppl dont play for prog
just guild hop
and go to farmed raid
its just the generation of gamers that chase insta grat ification and dont want to work at all , when the prog is easily the most fun part
its red
so its bloodvine
obvs
well what do you think is special about classic playerbase vs other games?
"generation" might be wrong word
but games do gravitate more and mroe to insta gratification model
yes  there are prog raids on retail but those are like very small % of population
vast majority is still just seritonin drip insta gratification chaser
in retail
yea thats true I guess
its like your bad if you fail in calssic
if you fail in retail
your not really bad
just not the best
yea idk theres crossovers for sure with other games
but mayb theres something special about classic in that regard too
seeing as its old solved game that ppl "should" be able to beat
but if they give us pre nerf KT, is that really true
Isnt every kael kill like min maxed to shit comp w 2 rogues and no other melee
I havent done it but given how few killed it it does SEEM hard
didnt like noone kill KT before they nerfed add HP on PTR?
or one guild w amillion ranged dps ?
yea he was "bugged" but that is prenerf version , the prenerf bugged version is hard
and even with the fixes, they are taking very min maxed comps to kill it in 20 minutes man
^
p sure even by retail standards 20 min boss that takes specific comp is considered "hard", at least KT would be
eh just arguing subjective crap then
lol
okay
we get your point
doesnt mean KTs not hard
by many ppls definition of hard
pretty big diff between" you didnt one shot it" and what most guilds will struggle with on KT
salad bakers didnt even 1 shot fucking hydross lol
yea so you use your line of logic for hydross
not for KT
"didnt one shot doesnt mean hard " != "KT easy"
yea im not sure what your arguing either its just subjective shit about what defines hard.
seems you think if its not mechanically hard its easy
thats your definition of "hard"
except pre nerf KT literally already nerfed because it was too hard
and yes thats partly because bugged
but prenerf KT is hard.
mayb not "mechanically" hard (tho I would argue yes mechanically hard because of threat bug)
same.
is there any KT kill with a standard comp yet?
or all big ranged stacks
gutted melee
yea sounds easy ship it
O hey
Lol
Doesnt matter if it's easy w  imp blizz imp blizx is optimal
Krymer is retarded just block lol
Noone underestimated mage dmg its exactly where ppl thought it would be
Lmao
Im not sure hes troll hes actually just really dumb
He was making the stupidest arguments yesterday lol
" warlocks need more raid supp then mages "
I said killing bosses fast is important for prog hes like " its prog not speedrun why are you talking about speedrun"
Yea you can lol
remember when I said warlocks are bis dps this phase and fights just favor hunters

just seed the adds and beat the hunters
ez
so many ppl got literally mad at me for saying hunters are overrated
â¤ï¸
hunters are the best ST big copium
where stabile at
@Stabile
he is doing the succubus cheese build tho
lol
didnt you literally flame me for saying warlocks can beat hunters and fights just favor them
uhhh you said that too yes




he did mroe dps than top hunter in the ST portion
he did 3482 dps in ST portion and the hunter did 3.1k
o yea the top hunter had no RNG right
if you can beat thousands of people with a stroke of RNG by over 100 DPS
hunters are overrated
like I said
top mag speed kill 6 lock stack
its happening
the hunter meta is ending
ppl are waking up
:p
even some of our best warlocks fell into the hunter sheep meta
but we will rise again
:p
imagine simping hunters bro
they back to trash pulling and trap bot next phase
thats rude
I mean its all just playing
the amount of shit I got for saying hunters overrated
lol I like mages that I play with just not the ones in that discrod
they literally had a circle jerk about how they use less support than warlocks yesterday
"spriests are automatic in raid they dont count"
"ele counts"
"boomkin too"
i was surprised how well fire lock was doing on PTR with no mage tbh
like it was pretty hard for me to compete as shadow
but that siad we had 2 fire locks so ISB griefed
yea and you cant just use spellfire gear for comparison thats kinda dumb
spellfire fire lock vs like auchenai anchorite robes and prebis shadow lock
whatever gear you have
arcane for prog SSC TK seems meme
unless you KNOW your guild will shit on the content
if you didnt PTR and your guild isnt like top tier I dont think you should bring arcane to prog
Because its prog you cant support the arcane mage if you have ppl dying and healers need vates
I mean I ptred with both and fire mage was doing better overall
sure the arcane mage did good on trash every 3 pulls
but killing trash fast doesnt really matter on prog
what matters is downing bosses
and if the fight got scuffed at all arc mage just fell off meters
due to kill time and losing support
yea I mean having arcane mage on trash vs fire is saving you what amount of time even
like 10 seconds LOL?
I mean even right now arcane barely outperforms fire in THIS current content that is hard farmed
arcane should transition when they get their 2 pce IMO
and its a raid dps loss RIGHT now in THIS content to not run fire
top parse doesnt mean best for raid dps
they dont actually lock is number 1 on mag
they beat us on 15 s maulgars bro
thats it
Gruul.
Mag
fire vs arcane is 50 dps lmao on these fights
and the gain for locks is MUCH more
its not even really an argument unless your talking kara parses and Maulgar zergs
no, fire is better than shadow for raid dps in this phase if you have a  mage in your raid.
its pretty dam clear
so your going into TK with same gear as this phase, bosses just take up to 20 min long now
some shadow ?
I mean mix of kill times , RNG , strat used for the boss but generally the top logs are fire favored
Im not pulling out logs to convince yet another fire denier if you are shilling shadow at this point your just misguided af
yea I can pput no talent points in and get good RNG too
seeding on moroes is kinda meme strat really
the play is you ST to kill before vanish
i mean you can be the one guy aoeing if you wanna parse
yea its cheese tho
the bis strat is just seed while your team single targets for you
but its cheese
yea its defs possible, but I would say they probably bring 12 lock and fire mage because encounters are p long
on council fights bis parse strat is seed while others ST boss
but like
that is very selfish style
other classes have incidental AOE for cleave like chain lightning
a lock seeding for parse is literally slowing the kill time to parse
ALTHOUGH IMO Council fight should end parse when last boss dies
zerg in itself is cheese
so the true best strat would be AOEING down for speed kill, if parse meta wasnt cheese AF
not really true for best warrs
some have like 4K ST dmg on maulgar
if you actually look
at least the top warr does
there are alot of cheeser warrs tho
that dont do that
yea no reason to take that IMO
mayb for dmg?
for one fight
idk I just searing like 10 times and start incin spamming
you dont need soothe to get prcast range
but if you go 1 yard too far youll pull boss
well theres 4 other mobs that arent soothed typically
soothe just helps the tank / melee get in without giving a jparse
aka keep maulgar away from you
jmage
2 fire mages what a god
in 18 man split this man has 2
fire mages
if it was 25 you woulda died to shatter
ive finally gotten gm to give locks rock assigns
its OP
thats a parser
in b4 4 chain w no clicking paint
I just bind amp to doom and coa
Or ill forget
I forget amp
Not doom
But you just said you forgot to amp
That's what I just said
Macro amp to doom
Hey skycrab
You should macro
Amp
W
Doom
so how do I redpill healers into not wanting T6 over me
I guess if token drops it means you killed the content therefore you dont need more healing kek
ahl usually has a good defense for perceived simping happening in his raid
this mag log is a 3 stack where 1 dies almost instantly
no time to aoe
they do seem to favor melee enabling strats tho.... like why not 5 stack and AOE the adds? You wuold have to kick more frequently.....
Just a question really
prepop frozen runes and pray for RNG
ye its so random
What do you think of DW arms lol
the newest meme on fight club
yea ppl basically saying their ping makes their slams too delayed
so DW arms is better if you sim assuming certain delay on slam
that kenneth shit was hella cringe
lol yea thats what I expected
because of how slam works
your trying to slam right after an auto
but with bad ping you cant react to the auto well
you have to like precast the slam by guessing your ping
I guess they opned top arms log and still saw some  500 ms + delays
so the argument is even best arms gamer has delays
i mean to me its still pretty meme
but they have some arguments
but yea crilton is number 2 arms parse w DW arms lol
on maggy
well your talking about a 300 MS window to push a button
with ping involved
and if its longer than that
DW arms is supposedly better
ye he was number 2
o miley had chicken equipped
lmao
Miley woulda beat ahl if he didnt sunder on maulgar change my mind
:p
should get the hunter group then :p
lol
the trash got clapped
but they seemed like still prgging on some bosses
one of the locks was using fucking curator staff
links HKM logs but says kara is dumb
LOL
you retarded troll
no you have linked only gruul and mag and tiny screenshots to troll ppl
noone cares
ye mages literally cheating in kara with spellsteal
mag lock on top
noone thinks this
friend is just retarded
and trying to troll
noone cares
yep you got it
locks are top dps no matter what
not support
locks even get fucked on mag too
we are just that chad
that we overcome it
not Friend's lock tho
hes a support cuck
O please you opened with clear trolling
dont try to back out of it now
such bullshit
your cringe trolling on disc
"i was just surprised about who was top"
So I linked maulgar parses and the top parse on gruul"
just own it bro
dont try to dodge out of it
O yea mind blown peli mind blown
did he give you badges too
is it possible to loot the BoJs
im interesteed in doing something like that myself
well yea
but I was wondering if he pulled them somewhere
that you could loot
seed bis?
i got this
yea if I made a second ruination I guess

i dunno 15 int with kings or 8 crit and 6 SP
p close at least
if you dont have fire mage tho you drop fire
i dunno man
I was in bis gear on the ptr
testing both
and fire was still clearly ahead
i know sims say like 80-150 dps or w.e
but I mean thats a huge diff on a sim
thats like the diff of having 2 skulls of guldan
vs no trinkets
even without a fire mage, on alot of trash, fire lock seems ahead of shadow mayb just because they can squeeze in more casts
thats just PTR anecdotes but
It was surprisingly hard to beat my buddy playing fire on ST with no fire mage
as a shadow
I dunno its not scientific, and sims are
but I dont think someone has really fleshed out all the details
is fire still ahead in spellfire gear vs shadow in T4
it shouldnt be if its just 50 dps on a sim
but mayb someone scuffed some settings/assumptions
the thing about my raid is like, since some were testing fire, I didnt get tthe ISB uptime I wanted
so thats probably a big reason why it felt so shit
not for me
passed t4 cloak to shadow locks
but its the big play
convert shadow
cause mage goes arcane
dont have robes
kill Vash
???
profit
Wait is that what the guy on mag did
he was just SL MD spec to begin with
ok ok
dam lol
https://tenor.com/view/nelson-simpsons-laugh-gif-11243649
hes a mage
In order to parse on Moroes you need some portion of ppl doing ST dmg killing boss asap and some ppl aoeing for the parse
We made a meme group for our smite priest friend yesterdayt where he had  sanc aura and shit
and he had 3k on moroes
I forgot to log
sadge
woulda been top priest parse over alll the spriest too
we just STed and told him spam Holy Nova and PI yourself
lol
in this scenario I think he just spams nova
but he did some shit on illhoof where he novaed to get procs for smite or something
I dont know shit about the spec just that he likes playing the meme
so we had some fun w it
Theres no reason that kara parses are meme and maulgar zergs and chain click mags where you dont have to click or banish are not meme
If anything kara parses are MORE competitive and relevant than maulgar zergs
and Gruul mag are p memey too really
Usually ppl who say kara parses are meme are just not getting good parses in kara
do the same for mag?
I think its a metric for personal improvement but dont take it too srsly when comparing to others in diff situations
I mean if all your parses are blue after doing kara for 8 weeks your probably fucking something up or your guild just sucks
But yea some ppl arent in splits that allow them to get top 1% parse
I do. I think the meta being unknowne and watching shit like that warlock stack try on PTR is super interesting
World Buff Speedrun meta was pretty dog honestly
everyone doing same strat
just trying to die less than others
Warriors so OP its all just kinda sleeper
lol it didnt go very well for them
https://www.twitch.tv/octopusxteam
IDK you can find the VOD I cant go on twitch at work
all of these types of things we will likely still see tho in T5
big one pulls
Skips
Leashes
well thats something to do with reqs
not with world buffs
the content was so dogshit easy in classic it kinda makes up for the risk of losing buffs
now the content should be harder
and it will still be high risk
without buffs
in either one your gonna ride the line of success and failiure
I like the "risk" of wbuffs its cool but the content being harder here and more metas to explore makes it just as interesting IMO
Assumption being there is competition for speedruns
and its not just 1 guild dominating
I mean thats also happening right now on streams
top tier guilds wiping on hydross
wiping on every boss in SSC
I mean if you wipe on Vashj during a top speed attempt
its gonna be just as devastating
your run is over
ofc ppl will wipe on shit
Literally top speedrun guild from naxx stacked 12 warlocks and couldnt even down Vash with it
Anything has wipe potenital if you push it to the limit for speed
ye lol
Stabile is
IDK about Louki
Well worldbuffs vastly trivialize classic Content. I would say that SSC and TK are less trivialized
catch you on week 1
well see how many top guilds 1 shot all bosses in SSC TK
mayb your right
mayb your wrong
shrug
Like fucking Exodus is top 5 naxx from classic and couldnt even kill vash with stacked comp
well they were better than all of your guys' guild in classic
so whats that mean
they had 11 locks 3 mages or something
ye
In Classic, the guilds that did well in MC BWL werent same as the ones that dominated Naxx
The best guilds are probably still focusing on splits and stuff and arent really concerned about flexing their cock in T4 content
it was stacked comp for the raid not for vashj
but I mean they had quite nice DPS for add phases and still failed
ye
yes
they had enough DPS
that isnt why they wiped
fucking up cores and shit
PTR does kinda make it lame I agree
but I think the variation in strats is still intesresting to watch more than "which warrior stack will have least deaths"
afaik works on PTR but I dont count on that always working
How many ppl have killed KT on PTR
yea one person in ccenter rolls on it
and puts in the pylon
itsstupid
I mean we got it past the phase 2 with some practice but we were just so tired
so we stopped
we arent a good guild tho
it was funny watching exodus struggle with exactly same shit as us
yea same
its also cool to have place to test some stuff out without worrying about morale of wipes and lost consumes and shit
classic content in general was a joke
world buffs trivialize entire game
wbuffs were huge lol no point arguing this
they trivalized tons of shit
plenty of fights were just pop cds on pull and kill because of world buffs
and skipping mecahnics entirely
Firemaw for instance
i do agree
but world buffs made it even more a joke
ok
doesnt mean wbuffs dont trivialize the game
even if its already pretty trivial
firemaw has mechanics
ppl just skip them with reck
plenty of old vods of ppl getting fucked on firemaw because of buffet failures
before the meta of just reck and kill it
uhh no
if you had full wbuffs and UBRS buff
you just killed it
it was completley trivialized
even in my normal comp casual guild
like firemaw isnt a hard boss if you have to dip and have no buffs
but its still mechanics being skipped/trivialized
because of buffs
yea like us doing PW with no buffs would be very sketchy even at the end
in naxx bis gear
well I dont know we never tried it
but we had a rough time doing PW no buffs
not surprised you enjoy that
Dispelling cringetards actually worst part of classic
sure you didnt
"he hearthed to org no invis pot, he deserves it"
No I understand ppl who are entertained by other's misery
its pretty easy to understand the pathetic wow player
no friends no social life
on Private servers there was almost 0 displeers
but there would be big guild on guild pvp trying to wipe buffs
we fought like men back in the day
no pussy shit hiding in ghost form
with Weakauras to show buffed ppl
ive never been to kara if its not a 50 man port from worlds end tavern
the pvp squads in felwood that actually fought
were pretty cool actually
its the dispell cringetards that were aids for the game
ppl who actually pvp on pvp server
im fine w that
I mean hunting ppl who you KNOW dont want to pvp (getting a pve buff off a flower)
is kinda cringe
but its more respectable than dispel camping
its not about peace
its about cringe warfare
one time this one warlock
invis potted into the center of us
howl of terror
at flower
seduce one fear another
killed like 4 of us
he was a chad
gotta respect the hustle
yea thats real gang gang shit
i immune the fear cloaking deviced and noped the fuck out
cool story
tell that one to your kids
yea you had no life and sat around dispelling ppl we get it
you enjoyed it
congratz
because I enjoy making fun of dispellers
i mean lock stack loooked fine it wasnt like there was any issue with the comp
they just couldnt kill vash because fucking up cores
I beat jpaint on maulgar
while wearing JC owl neck
and forgot to use it
sad
also I got t4 shoulder finally
Arms warriors only sim 100 dps less than fury warriors btw
100 dps less on a sim
is alot in practice
no
use the fire res neck from the attunement
and dont use that dogshit trinkett
scryers bloodgem
why dont you have fire res neck
from attunement
if you dont have scryers bloodgem use arcanist's stone
item restore?
well sometimes items dont show there
you can open a ticket
but you might be fucked
meh
that trinket is dogshit
id use arcanist stone and mayb get some fire res bracers or something
its just a shit trinket
Id just drop 10 fire res and wear MOTC or quags at that point
ofc it will work
you asked if set was good
not if it will work
dont use that shit trinket
and set is fine
haha he was joking but its pretty sad you dont have neck
o yea
thats an option
theres a fire warding JC neck
why not run arcanist stone
is it that much worse than bloodgem
imagine not going scryer specifically to use bloodgem in resist sets
is prot pala fine on threat
on that boss
even when prot palas stack SP as is they bottleneck warlocks
I dont see a prot pala tanking that and there being open cieling for threat
it is Demon but still
was it fine or was it big pumper kill?
theres a threat plotting tool on fight club
if you want
how long leo
whats your guild or log uploader
or is private/
I believe more in a bear
4:37 leo was fast
Threat plotting tool doesnt really show Leo threat drops yet
so kinda useless
yea
I mean cant tell if ppl are capped
but they seem to be pumping yes
you know how it is on lock tho like threats mainly an issue when you get the good crits early on
but yea seems legit
from this 1 log
sfury on vash?
I mean
I love DN but
Vash is like 8 minutes of hard casting bolts/incins
your gonna probably lose alot being DN there
only if you dont OOM LOL
its not a ST dps gain on vash bro
no way
even if true
DN is not a ST dps gain
on vash
lol
im with you on fathom and tidewalker and hydross and shit
but not on vash bro
could be top overall DPS in SSC
given amount of trash
and aoe in bosses
but im still doubtful
plenty of ST dps too
the net you make in tailoring?
I mean its gonna be solid gains on aoe capped tidewalker
and it should be big dmg on the trash
Sfury is good when aoe capped man
@Ryusei if aoe capped, your DS is comepletely dead
Sfury is still added dps
have you EVER played w sfury ryu
okay
I see solid gains on trash playing w sfury
you get that last sfury dmg in instead of clipping a 2second seed
I did like fuckin 12 attempts of tidewalker
so I did alot of extedned seeding
but I didnt have sfury
yea I knew you would say that
lol
it was like end of night half pugs buncha drunk ppl
tired
we came in next day and 2 shot it or something
ye
12 might be exaggeration idk
I guess if your ooming sfury might not be great on AOE cap
but it should be nice for the stun on tidewalker regardless
probably unnecessary thoo
and your griefing your ST portion
which is still important
I actually did go imp for prog on Tidewalker tho cause tank was getting clapped
in that case, DN might be lit
ye he ended up using pocket watch
so he could pop it
if healers got fucked
we did it without any blizz
I just was designated to tap aggressively
and yell at ppl not to heal me
and he healed me
with 25% bonus healing and tap spam
and it worked pretty 3well
but I can still see blizz being good
healers had to play around it a bit
if a priest goes nuts with CoH after earthquake
hell still rip it off the pala
By the end attempts
our priest was clicking off salv
and COHing
and just running onto the pala
and making me seem irrelevant with the tap thing
so I dunno man
I am not sure the best way to handle it
i mean hes smart player
i assume he was getting aggro healing graves
and decided to do something about it
or mayb he was just greedy for the CoH
idk
i mean
if he can do it
and I dont have to
then I can pump more
so if that works it works IMO
cause im spamming tap
for the pala
yea I guess if you just hard force everyone to not heal he can
idk if thats optimal tho
then you get grave deaths and shit
I mean that isnt fool proof either
you can be graved 2x
and not have a HS cd
well if the priest can get the aggro and not die when he brings it on pala
its perfect
everyone gets healed
pala gets threat
problem solved
6 mins on farm I think mayb like 8 min on prog
mayb a bit faster for super slick guilds
with optimizations and stuff
I imagine a pala could be leet and just run ALL the murlocs in circle
and you never AOE
and just ST the boss in like 4 minutes or even less
what you just spam trap or blizz?
wat
like you dont need much SPellpower if noone is aoeing
could be def cap to the teeth
running in circle
but yea just the organization of hunter trap spam
is annoying for sure
face tank all the murlocs
without aoeing?
and just ST boss
like multiple waves of them?
ye
but still seems like at some point STing boss down will be a thing
our pala seemed fine running in circle in the trap really
you say they are too quick
but not from my exp
sure
ye
not even true tho
o him
o your trolling still
noone cares
lol yea
yea I mean you just seed trash as fire
???
you sac succ
I said yea to someone who said you sac succ
it should be obvious
if you understand the class yu understand that its the same spec and you just sac succ for seeding trash @TheLoon
Shouldnt have to explain that
just gear swap
what have you been doing all phase
you dont swap to seed set for trash?
in kara?
yuo dont sac succ in kara?
your playing fire wrong
nice
so then what are you talking about seed dmg caps for?
??? no your talking about seed dmg caps before I said anything
implying that your seeding w imp sacced in fire gear
for some reason
see the word implying
what does that mean
Lol
As far as Fire vs shadow in T5 goes every gear set up I've ran for ST shadow is under performing by around 100 DPS compared to fire.  That said our Warlocks will be going shadow due to a belief in the speedrun meta coming back since T5 has trash.  the succy shadow multiplier is meaningful to get close to the seed dmg cap.
thats a diff argument
noone said it was
but if arc frost ooms in 2 pakcs and has to full drink for 1 pack
it could be not very different tbh
in terms of overall dmg dealt
I dunno mayb he thinks flamestrike and blast wave
you could
you could
hoenstly how did wxrlock do 1500 dps only in 20 second maulgar
thats some cringe shit
both his locks are that low
no enslave
every mage I have seen says they can get close but they still get clapped if I use fetish
on aoe pull in kara
AE might be more dps than seed in a nutshell
but its not better when you consider the mana battery that is a warlock life tap
with a druid HOT
yes
mage usually tops 1 trash pack and then loses next 2 trash packs
well you play with dogshit warlocks
do your warlocks even have a seed set?
im talking scanlawn
yea  I mean its strong theres just stil advantages to warlock AOE when your pulling 8 packs in a row
like mage disc memes that tap slows down runs when I get full HP from 1 HOT. Imagine if you got full mana from 1 HOT
what slows down runs is a mage that needs to drink 2 full waters to fill mana bar
even if you drink walk your not filling bar between SSC packs
not even close
and yes we beat arcange mage in SSC fights but we are also progging and fights go long
Arcane mage really isnt online til T5 2 Pce
thats when it will probably be very hard to beat
assuming you have at least decent kill times
right
well a) trash warlocks b) Im dubious because you still lose to locks on mag and gruul regularly
so I kinda doubt you magically beat them on all fights
in SSC
feel like your probably making that up
and you beat them on all those?
log?
so you only did 3 bosses and you didnt top all fights
so what are you really saying
you topped on 1 or 2 fights?
yea because it will be super fast fight
mage should be blasting
yea that too
but they can buy water they say
reality is you cant drink walk pack to pack and even get half a arcane mana bar filled
if your pulling at any decent pace
its just gonna  be same as this phase
some ppl fire
some ppl shadow
arguing
I mean the answer next phase about fire vs shadow depends on your raid comp and possibly raid goals too
Thats the issue buncha ppl arguing in diff comps/guilds/raids
about what is better for everyone based on their personal perspective in their own raid
answer is if you have 2 warlocks and 1 arc mage you probably dont play fire
if you have 5+ locks
fire is quite a big gain
then theres all the nuances of "will it speedrun"
saccing pet downtime etc
but we know at least one top speedrun guild from classic testing 11 firelock comp
so its pretty foolish to say everyone will just be shadow
if you pay attn to PTR
you wouldnt say that
just because you personally will be shadow
its fun
but every day some now shadow / fire enjoyer comes trolling in here
if you have never done any math on the raid dps or at least reviewed other's math on it
just stop talking
its a discussion that depends heavily on comp
the one in mage disc is more recent but also id argue slightly biased in favor of mages
he ends up finding the break even point to be around 4 locks
I mean he did run sims at that time but didnt document it as heavily as the mage one
but the mage one as is assumes a very high ISB uptime I dont ever see in raids
and it STILL finds 4 locks is basically break even point
the thing is it varies so much the result depending on your raid comp
how many vates you give mage
what your setup for ele shams is
fight length
to the point that if you really want answer for YOUR guild you kinda gotta do yourself
and even if you can convince yourself on ST dps ppl will argue about trash dps
you ever ask for info in mage disc
and get anime
and copy pastas?
the discussion bullshit happens every day
and im sure you know that
noone cares at this point
mage one is not TERRIBLE imo
it has some slight bias but ends up concluding its very close at 4 locks either way w
and his assumptions are all listed
you can take what he did and apply your own ISB uptime
your own sim assumptions
so its pretty fine id say
but one thing Id note is some fight llike Vash really doesnt fit in an analysis that assumes 4 minute fight
they claim there is down time to regen
but no
your basically casting for 6+ minutes
its the same spec tho/
fire vs shadow epsiode 69420
you can actually take soul link spec with master demo and then summon the succy and respec
to like destro nightfall
and have the OP succubus out
with Destro Nightfall build
so you have like all the modifiers from soul link master demo, empowered corruption, nightfall
ye lol
but that spec  probably farms everyone in the game right now
if you can somehow get your succubus to the greek
and keep it up
2 respecs LOL
remember when @jpaint was an MGI shill
and then neveer used an imp ever once
now he just threatens to ban
and talks about his mage parses in mage disc
just noticed theres lock talk epi 3
mods are cooked
except twizzles
jpaint no cam for epi 3
what a fucking robbery
second spriest is just trash
makes shadow dps dogshit
its just a greif
he can solo tank
what we did was I would spam tap when they spawn and the prot would spam heal me
and I would yell at ppl not to heal me
he would get initial aggro from the healing
and then he was fine tanking all of them
yes
he could stand still,, but we opted to run in circles iin frost trap
to mitigate dmg
yes
no
we were tanking on the pillar
so yes it takes longer for one side to arrive
we hold all AOE till the call
and we chain lust on locks for each murloc phase
we give him like a good 10 seconds to get thret
before nuking with seed
but if your healers are healing like crazy after earthquake, they may still have aggro
make sure they have salv
we had to do a fwe attempts to get healers used to not healing instantly
problems happen if the healers snipe your prot palas healer
hence why we assigned me to tap
and not get healed
yes
with the healing aggro
yea however you wanna do that
is he being too greedy with spellpower
its not a threat fight
he can just full chonk
you can wait along time for him to get threat
before you dump AOE
warrior should Demo
yea yea yea
you can wait long enough
that he doesnt need to gear for threat
in any significant way
you cant wait forever
make warr demo shout murlocs
if hes actually getting clapped
but hes probably just being a degen about spellpower
I see no reason not to run in circles really tho
around a trap
it mitigates dmg
helps your healers
I dunno ppl had alot of issues adapting back to prog mindset in my guild
they have geared degen threat so heavily
it breaks their brain to go back to full chonk
the reality is the prot pala TPS doesnt matter at all
even tho they think it mattters
we can wait plenty of time to start AoE
there is no pressure to AoE right away
yes as stabile noted you dont have infinite time
but you have enuogh time that the prot pala does NOT need to gear threat
yes
i mean depends on your number of AOE dps
did you get lust every murloc phase?
thats the ticket man
i guess mayb if you trying to speedkill boss
you want to use your llusts
lets you wait more
just makes your AOE kill phase faster and crisper
ye the lust thing was huge for us
our rogue GM just spent whole fight doing and calling swaps
and it made it very easy
also you know you just run into the corner at the end right? @AlexTheSeal
demo shout
I guess
demo is very solid mitigation
mayb some guilds dont need it
but no reason you cant demo shout each murloc phase at minimum
we were like having alot of issues keeeping tank alive so we went full Tclap Demo Shout Blood Pact Imp
meh tank stopped dying I still out dpsed all mages
with imp out
big dick move
use MGI
but dont help your party
jpaint
why have you never blue beamed netherspite
have you even lived
Healing for aggro? Or Lust?
yea w no lust and just 1 caster group we were like basically AOEing the entire fight
how the fk is DN worse on trash than aff
you have shadowfury bruh
are you assuming you get all your seeds off?
which never actually happens on trash
and you always end up clipping at least one
if a affli beats shadowfury on a trash pack in kara I will eat my shoe
how the hell did you never upgrade shoulders
in 2 + months
do you play the game
oblivion shoulders exist
you dont have?
yes they are


its literally tiniest upgrade
but its better
if you dont have enchant I guess
well you should enchant obli for seed set anyway
I had T4 helm
Im not wearing mana etched 2pce
if you do obli you build seed set at same time
but yes mana etched 2pce is better if your helm is shit
ye but no way im breaking spellfire
for mana etched
well hopefully by that point you have T4
or mag gloves
you fucked up
no vash chest for you
i might be a bit
I use that for shadow set atm
idk how good it is tho
yea sounds like its about 20 sp to me
and better if the fight is shoreter
imagine thinking hunters are bis for the fight just because ppl stacked hunter while locks banish fear tongues
i agree w that
1 month ago ppl viscerally flamed me for daring to say warlocks are as good as hunters on the fight
yep
"if you think warlocks are as good as hunters on mag your fucking retarded"
â¤ï¸
I havent really seen much attempts to stack locks
just use the succubus spec
:p
hunters do a sliver more dmg on ST on mag while requiring arms warr rogue enhance shaman feral buff to do so
if you cut all the support and just stack locks ele sham 1 spriest 1 fire mage I bet you come out on top
:p
o they need a boomy too
also ele does more dps than enhance
remember enhance is in the bm group

????

literally the same
and that enhance
is in a
guess
BM HUNTER
group
benefiting from arms and rogue which are subpar
its defs not a slam dunk fr locks
but its so much closer than ppl give credit for
ye idk why
??? prove it
no they dont
imagine thinking logs prove anything
esp when there isnt even a lock stack to look at
is there
bullshit

top mag speed kill
tell me why hunters and arms warr and rogue are optimal here
pls
I dunno
no way rogue is worth here man
rogue adds 4% to all phys
lets do the math and see if this rogues expose makes up the 1k dmg lost
by not being a warlock
o it doesnt
not even close
same for arms
the total raid dps is 49K
expose and blood frenzy uptime are trash on channeler stack too
alrgiht we'll take the arms then
but I imagine theres a way to get 5 channelers stacked on a prot pala
without a warrior
okay?
that means what
that you cant have a prot pala
?
doin it
actually fuck it
im not having some cringe argument w you about whether you need a warrior
it doesnt affect the conclusion at all

fastest clear btw
skull isnt dead
can you please understand the fight
hitting the channeler ?
sure well take a sunder thats actually a good point
its a bit less on mag IIRC
its like 3-4% depending on boss armor
but sure
nah the logs prove warlock stack is bad
kek
and on mag portion of fight the rogue is 1k dps behind or more
true probably
righht but hunter numbers are inflated by 4%
from taking a bad class
15%
its a 15% buff bro
so no
its not the same
what if I spoke like you
Can you please understand spriest?
ofc you can make a mistake
just sayin we can be a lil more civil stabile we friens
dont have to treat each other like retards â¤ï¸
you mean THEY have to deal with US
jk
why? so that the smallest upgrade goes to them?
bigger for anyone else in raid
way I see it right now, we are nowhere near having bloodmaw magues blades or mindblades on all our locks. This whole "I am screwed over by having atiesh" thing is so dumb. You wanted legendary item. You got legendary item. Now you try to use having legendary item to get prio on other loot
seems like a big ol meme
scamaz
for sure
everyones situatiion is different
but most are like mine
warlocks that fought to get the atiesh
and now trying to back out early
and literally use getting atiesh as prio for yet another weapon
i want ppl to just figure out tempest is bis
so I dont have to deal w zdoom 4 way headache
no
I think zdoom IS bis
for shadow
and tempest for fire or something
but I wish it wasnt
because if tempest was bis it would be so much easier
@jpaint how shit is it to get stuck w tempest for shadow
vs zdoom
how do i make gold fast
i dont wanna get ban
mage skull lmao kill me now
dont get scammed boys
they have ashtongue trinket and serpent coil braid
we have quags
oof
yea fuck skulll to mages it sims like 28 dps better than that trinket AT BEST
at worst its worse then that trinket
basically hasted all the time
wont be 100% uptime
you know how ISB goes
ye
they made skull for us
the trinket from SSC is actually pog for PvP iI think
i thought doom was bis for shadow
and tempest for fire
yes
either way super close?
pog
yea that makes it better
atieshes will prob just get zdoom
and 1h boys will get tempest
because then they dont have to deal w getting an off hand
if chronicle drops first you can in place upgrade someone instead of giving it to an atiesher or something
seems smart
i dont think so man
Tempest seems trash for prot pala
vs caster
they get prio on T6
and I think thats enough
like sure if your prot pala has a dogshit weap mayb
but he shouldnt
or if you have MT prot pala for some reason
sure
yea well they shouldnt assume they get prio on all T6 and the weapon IMO
they are fucking off tanks
[tempest]
god can you guys make item links work
so we can be better than the mage disc
pls
do they?
yea I dont tihnk a prot pala is gonna hold a candle to a feral bro
yea well I dont believe in prot pala st threat
fuck hunters
even then
MD is a pad but over a long fight it doesnt maintain any kinda TPS
I just dont believe that prot pala will somehow scale hard enough to hold ST threat tbh.
like do you think prot pala threat outscales lock dps?
if they are your MT sure
but I think your feral is your MT
still man
I ride ass on illhoof
and I dont have bis gear
You cant tell me that the prot pala is gonna somehow scale harder
even on a fucking demon
like any gear they get still has some portion of def stat in the budget
our gear is 100% dmg budget
even if they wore the highest spell power plate they could find
they are gonna scale worse
exactly, but you can also use your brain and predict what is likely to happen
and calling me massive copium for doubting prot pala threat
is just trolling
MD is like 30 tps or something on a long fight
max
hunters arent some magical fix
every 5 minutes yea
illidan resets threat every phase right?
locks arent the only ones w threat issues either
fury exists
boomchicken
like tempest is also a buncha stats prot pala barely cares about
spell hit
spell crit
is the main gains
its a small increase in spell power
if the prot pala needs all that gear to hold aggro then mayb they just shouldnt be the MT :p
I think bears are either just gonna tank right through shear
or a warr will have a nice niche
I dont see a pala tanking illidan and surviving while  having good threat
mayb when they are bis geared
do they
based on what
they 100% do not in this phase LOL
a prot warrior can 100% block shear while having threat gear on, and be uncrushable
a prot pala cant even 100% block shear or be uncurshable wihtout gearing so fucking defensively
Ill believe in prot pala ST threat when i see it
but I have seen 0 indication or reason
ppl say demon
exorcism or w.e its called is a insta cast shit scaling spell
on a 10 s? CD
its not some gift from god
its a tiny gain
prot warr scaling IS shit too tho
so I couild believe they outscale prot warr
but I think ppl overestimate pala
and underestimate prot warr
yea w.e it is its a tiny pad to their tps
its not some magical fix for their ST issues
I was planning to force affli for prog
but then we killed tidewalker without it
and every other boss in PTR except KT Vash
so now I dont belieeve in affli
doesnt surprise me in the slightest
o
id go ask prot pala discord but they are actually retarded
if they need 33 spell power from leviathan to tempest to hold threat
fuck em
idk why they would get prio on tempest
and not leviathan
tempest is hit
meh ours is holding out for leviathan
hasnt taken magus
anyway I still dont believe they scale well

all the TK bosses are easy except KT
Alar just falls over
dont even have to do anything about adds
it is hard if you think too much about it
and try to do leet things w the adds
just kill the fucking boss
and prot pala hold adds
sure
if my dad guild can figure out all the TK bosses in one night w half pugs (PTR)
yours can too
dad guild is a broad and subjective term
yea many ppl who didnt do PTR will have to prog
esp if they go in basically blind
but solarian is trivial with the 2 soak strat
so is loot reaver
tidewalker is fine after some practice
KT > Vash > Tidewalker > Alar imo
in terms of hard bosses
we did tired end of night attempts w half pugs
didnt kill either of them
but they both didnt seem as bad as ppl say
yea vash is pretty boring man
at least from lock perspective
you sit there and cast
and hope your core ppl
figure their shit out
no
but it seems very dumb to do so
yea I know the cheese
but I dont expect it to be live
if it is .... lol
the chaos bolt really doesnt hit very hard if you have no stacks
so reflecting one with a zanza or w.e
seems like a meme
lol that would be kinda pog yea
if you could somehow reflect many of them
and stack on bosss
that could be absolutely disgusting

its not on my list of beautiful things you can reflect
so I doubt

TK reflects
idk nothing is certain
but its pretty doubtful
that you can just reflect that
I got a ballpark on prot pala threat

so basically less than a druid does in this current phase ðŸ™‚
they do?
theres like 3 pala discords
they all have sections for each spec
and they are all shit
You want to talk about items? Here's the simple answer: t5 2p is prio on every mage before hunter/lock and there is no math that will show otherwise. How your mages get to t5 2p in terms of actual pieces gained is marginal because the 2p bonus is the real value.
This is true for  every tier
even t4
some guilds didnt clear MC and broke up
some guilds didnt clear BWL and broke up
literally every tier
ppl say same thing
and its always true
but its utterly meaningless
sure
most guilds will fail some will succeed
again
same as every tier
ever
ye same
this tier not as bad as naxx I think next tier worse than naxx

yes some guilds

also theres TONS of shit guilds that dont log
tons of shit pugs that run every week and cant kill nightbane
etc
itss easy to forget how low the totem pole can go
there were guilds in final phase of classic wow progressing BWL
yea I mean they did those nerfs for a reason
ye
i mean there are just casual players that dont look up anything
they dont know how to gear
they dont farm prebis
they dont look up boss strats
they just show up for raid with whatevr they got
and play the game
yea I like the nerf of old content too
I also think ppl overstate how hard SSC and TK are
just jlike how they overstate how hard AQ is
or naxx is
but 100% many guilds will still fail
literally any room for individual players to cause wipes and some percentage of guilds fail
90 min chill kara is nice
I havent even looked into what the speedruns are like
what? if its 30% at banish phase you just finish the boss
you still "1phase"
you just stay in and kill it
yea thats not the play at all
just spread around boss and kill it
a few casualities might happen
yes
but effectively that just means he will slap ppl in melee range
its fine tho we have never stayed in and failed to kill
its really not
its fine
we meme all sorts of classed on beam
yea that says something about how shit their dps is
meh no
the person who took beam is most likely to die
yea I guess so for them mayb
ye its fine
but often you wont kill it by 1:10
doesnt mean you have to run out
all im saying
mayb you did in your guild
but honestly that says something about your whole raids' dps
if your wasting all the time to spell steal cheese
you might as well stay in and try to get the parse
we have 6 splits and any random split can one phase
yea lol spellsteal is definitely not a speedrun strat
but staying in for banish phase definitely is
thats gross we had lock break 2k for first time on gruul this week
in your raid? I doubt it
but yes we are fire
we have rock spots assigned to us
so we get full pump
could get 2 more stacks before shade too tho
lol DAM
o wait
nvm
yea theres filchers before shade isnt there
or is that just spirit ghosts
and the filchers are before chess?
spell steal for chess
if you arent 10 stacking chess
what are you even doing
hmm actually a kinda pog speedrun idea mayb
we just meme ourselves on chess try to fight for dps
I blocked the demon from getting a good dps parse last time
rekt
o yea its just a joke
^
guy takes warlock and casts poison on 4 mobs that arent king because they are stacked lol
gotta get that pad in
no idea
theres actually only 7 warlocks ahead of our lock that did 2k
with one lust
pretty sick
is that a dick joke
ðŸ†
oo i like that format
next time mage makes good joke in mage disc
Are you bis for raid dps because your joke was fire
well they have 50% avoidance right
thats not really too out there
ench engi
but you need tailoring to make boots
you can cast whil soaking
that cloak looks pog if your actually soaker cucked
just sacrifice hit for spellpower then
dont gear crit dont gear hit just spellpower you have a chance at a higher parse
your bis is greens of shadow wrath
spam bolt
enjoy it
yea its just you literally can create the exact same effect by cutting hit and crit from your gear
basically gearing worse has the exact same effect as spamming bolt
so just gear worse then
if you actually believe your bullshit
you have to look at the distribution of the DPS done in both sim really, and analyze what the actual chance is that you will do better with bolts than immo
bro its an average oover 10000 fights
ppl who think like this dont understand that
the actual chance they will do more dps
is very very small
do any of the sims show a standard deviation
for the result
thats not the same
well if you have a mean and a standard deviation you can understand the distribution
and then you can understand the exact chance you do more dps with shadowbolt
vs shadowbolt + immo
right but by that same logic, you could justify any manner of irrational gearing choices
and I doubt your willing to do that
lol
yea the warrior sim has a standard deviation
and the standard deviation for the parses is like 1-3 dps
and that demonstrates how fucking low chance it is to hit a "max" parse
so making decisions based on max parse
is pretty monka
at least on warrior
warlock should have a wider distribution yes
sure but doing something like using Deathbringer over AQ axe
was quite heavily debated
lol not everyone has R14 axe
but yes
also sims are robots
any small mistake you make in your gameplay
will have far more impact on the variance
sure yea
warlock is actually a class you can feasibly play like sim
If you have others in your raid unwilling to do things that are clearly optimal for raid dps, it makes warlocks jaded about doing the things they are expected to
but curse of reck is obviously worth in most comps
yep
for sure, JC necks arenta 4% raidwide buff
playing arcane in T4 is on the level of not casting CoR change my mind
fire also does insane dps on netherspite
because you are at max stacks in execute phase
and fire gets execute
better thing is to ban sepllsteal not count demon
however demon does still do something
it makes your killtime faster
without invalidating your parse
can use demons to kill moroes before vanish without having to sacrifice AOE dps for example
spoken like a true shadow lock cuck
wrong actually
your farmed now
imagine comparing two comepltely diff raids and trying to flex
pretty much
yea honestly flexing parses on warlock class
is cringe as fuck
you press 2 buttons
if you think your some kinda god brecause you sneak in taps while you move
lol
seal twisting is a 400 ms window its easy
arms is way more tight
slam your looking at like 300 ms window
and doing it faster is all gains
if you slam at 15 ms you do more dmg than 100 ms or 200 ms
seal twist is just hit button in 400 ms window
rets overrate the difficulty lol
i guess so , but especially on warlock
hey look I got doom slot hit banish one time and didnt have to click
dreadbeast
in servant quarterrs
shadow priest has a rotation
at least
hunters also have tight gameplay
they just dont do it
dont react to haste changes
and still do good dps
DST is like a 7 dps increase for hunter if they dont change rotation for their haste
fury was a joke
if you had wbuffs
I could do fury rotation with blindfold
spamming 3 buttons
just put my fingers on 3 buttons and mash =  fury rotation with world buffs
arms and slam is actually skill
ye lol just lots of bad warriors somehow struggle with it
because they think theres some brain involved
arms, hunter, spriest, who else plays diff at haste breakpoints?
true
and thats why thhey shouldnt get DST
99 parsing hunters just spam steady
im sure there is SOME hunters that actually play well
but dont be fooled the 99 hunter in your guild is probably just zugging during lust
full crit is wild
I respect the full living ruby chads I see in org
!shaggy
oblivion clapped in SSC for me
I am only one w seed set and I think I was noticeably ahead on seed trash
]overall
anecdotal ofc
IDK how to dig up the  log
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/ATxYDgWCwzXLm19Q/#boss=-3&difficulty=0&start=3305325&end=4428705
I get 2k
others get 1.7-1.8k
even with better RNG on crits
yea your right
its average hit
average cast was diff
yea
its like 9-11 iirc
150 more spell dmg right
I dont think it changes cap that much really
yea so mayb max 1 less mob to cap
I dont think they are
I dont think we are AOE capped on most SSC trash
only tidewalker
yea mayb a few of those packs are large enough
didnt pay that much attn
gem crit
not spell dmg
seed still scales better off of crit
than spellpower
its a AOE spell it has shit coefficient
the Terrok's book is better
errr
cant remember what its called
theres a blue OH
thats the one
yea nightbane OH might actually be better not sure
is 4 more int even 1 more cast of seed
no
ofc not
but since its only 2 crit
i kinda like the spell dmg idk
ye
rarely are you pure seed
so spellpower probs better
than 1 crit rating LOL
heres my seed set
gotta flex the lurkers cord
i have
its not very good for seed tho
supposed to be good in aoe cap
but in practice kinda shit
1 hit for 700 - 800 is usually what I get yea
a single hit
that sometimes doesnt land becuase mob is dead
id take shiffars and 1 more critting seed over that


you drop hit somewhere else
or you craft ruination
pretty simple
just shit healers
good healers learn mechanics because predicting mechanics is how you heal well
playing arcane w no spirest is just straight trolling
didnt it end up not even taking ISB stacks or something
after all that shit
and theres no way DB wasnt worth for raid wide dps in P1 if you considered the cleaveing on trash
mayb if you just did single target math
o
well sure
i believe that
obviously
noone being sure on it is hilarious
considering how easy it is to test
yea because its not a riad dps loss by any stretch
but yet ppl still bitch about it
to this day
so id say theres a point to testing that LOL
alot of ppl shilled DB over AQ axe actually
"max dps " memes
kinda like the shadowbolt spam boys we see here
its not the procs
its the slowness
weap is slower
fatter windfurys
bigger pop off potential
Hey I wanna do my mage a favor
and tank HKM
so he can parse one week
Has anyone tanked HKM
can I use my Leo gear?
or do I need stam more ?
so
fire res doesnt work?
I need stam gear?
fuck
soul link helps right
i find it hard to believe that if you buy 5k gold on alt account and send that gold to main account
that main account doesnt also catch a ban
or at least at risk
What is shadow bolt cast time with lust
and no other haste procs
2.5 * 1/1.3?
30%
1.9 I think
is the answer
its 2.5 * 1/1.3
Think of it like this, if you have 100% increased casting speed, you cast at double the speed
your caste time will be halved
so you will have 2.5 * 1/2
if instead of 100% you have 30%
this becomes
2.5  * 1/ 1.3
they say they want zhardoom but they also seem to not really know how much haste is good
they will argue they just space out haste CDs
dont drums with your lust etc
because mage
dont overcap haste
they are talking about whether mages will want zdoom
or how good for them
and saying they shouldnt want haste because overcap
but they will just argue that they space out CDs
mage discord wants Skull AND Zdoom
but its p obvious they shouldnt get skull over lock
zdoom idk
mhmm
skull still sims as tiny dps increase for mages
just much smaller than locks
best case for mage sim was like 1/2 of lock gain
worst case
it was worse than ashtongue
skull should easily be lock prio, but sure if you have some god mage and some shit lock
players are human
true
they didnt really try to argue prio
they try to argue
"loot player not class"
its p obviously best on lock
whereas DFT was kinda questionable
for a few diff classes
rogue?
Fury?
Etc
the zddoom thing tho
thats less clear to me
mage has this nice nexus key
but zdoom is prob still quite good
just wondering how much haste they need before they are overcapping
insert "we tranisition fire in SWP argument"
and want sunflare too
basically mage has a reason why they want every item in game
but they also havent really figured out all their shit w haste
they just hand wave shit
and partly because they dont know if GCD will be fixed
indeed
idk do we ever overcap
well if you get to 100% haste lifetap is capped
dont think you can actually reach that
and you might haste cap immolate
at some point
if yes
1.5 s
0.75s cap curently
so 100% is cap
if they change
yes
it changes
noone wants to do haste math, because then they might say they want/dont want certain items
and that might change
if GCD fix
so noone wants to rush to conclusions
also noone wants to do math in general
just cant get enough?
probably
but if we are going to say things like
"mages overcap with IV at X haste"
we should also know when we overcap
with skull or w.e
whats your haste withall that
11% from skull
30% from lust
multiplicative or
additive?
16% from drums  + skull
30% from lust
so do you do 2.5 * 1/(1.3*1.16)
ye
thats a 1.65 s shadow bolt
better to use that formular
and solve for haste rating
0.75 = 2.5/((1+rating/1577)*1.3))
that means
((2.5 /gcd_cap ) / 1.3 -1)  * 1577 = (rating to cap in lust)
2466 rating to cap sbolt in lust
if I am not retarded
1455 rating to cap if they fix cap.
seems like unachievably high rating
ye
AB is 1.5 s right
at max stacks
my math then says that if they fix GCD cap mage caps their AB at a piddly 242 rating in lust
and 849 no fixed GCD
good to know
we need that GCD fix boys
tfw not sure if you want GCD fix
because it means mages will go fire
and take more loot from you
and also you been shilling fire mage whole time
im talking SWP tho
yea
well
they shouldnt want so much gear as arcane
hast still good
but T5
bis
whereas fire will 100% want like sunfire robes and shit
SWD?
I did math jpaint
i did a thing
lock talk when
Crit is mana back mechanic for ele
after certain point it loses value
well you have 1` shatter
but generally thats a tank problem id say
assuming you are lusting your tank
at same time
i play warrior because hte gameply is poggers
Slam is fun man
Way more fun than  lock rotation
Succ
Yes
Unless you have like 1 phys dps only
Yes reck good
Dont use on giants with magic immune fishys
After curator
Dont sim shadow much but thats p wild claim abput spellstrike over t4 w meta
Whats low
Coe is almost surely worth it
Unless you run lock stack and kill trash super fast
Are you tho
Iirc im not capped
On that trash
Also one mob dies and your still seeding
No
Well mayb raw number id
Sure but that comes at much higher number of mobs
Because ae does less dmg per cast than seed
Its 10% dmg on like what 4 ppls spells minimum
13% as aff
4*13 = 52
I swear we werent capped on that shit
but I didnt really pay attn
yea looking at logs seems to agree w that
healers love to be LOS
drinking around a corner
instead of watching their tank
when immolate ends
never clip it
gotta love the stubborn healer who insists on drinking when he wants
yes
even if that means you incin a mob that doesnt have immo on it
yes
there is like 0 skill to the rotation LOL
non fetisher owners must COE
I approve of this message
I dont think you should use ele on illhoof
the imps die anyways from incidental cleave, its just padding
(chain lightning / whirlwind)
you just smash into boss
the totem adds more dps than norrmal because of the vuln
yea depends on the comp ofc
imagine not flasking
shame shamne
I just spent all my gold (4k) leveling BS and making sword for my alt lol
why are you so poor you cant flask
I dont buy gold lmao
yea so your being shamed
for raid logging
and slacking
play however you want man
ppl who raid log have gold bro
you dont raid log while broke
what you gonna do next phase
ok w.e  do what you want lol
its just incredibly cheap to not flask in raid
when they are this cheap
some ppl in your raid probably want to do a good job in the small content they get to do a week
and ppl slacking is annoying
frankly that will always happen, if your slacking ppl will be upset you are flasking
yea mayb
I dunno are you curse of doom
and they are ele
is this some kinda bait
ok
this guy
outdpses warrlocks
but loses to  arms warriors

barely beating aff lock
is not a sign that your doing well
and loses to frost mage
i mean the guild is pretty awful
but there are clearly a few ppl who try and care
I would be annoyed by slackers in that raid
but also I wouldnt have high expectations
if I was in that dogshit raid
ye exactly
@Brandalf THE ONLY REASON you beat that lock is because you got more blue beam
other wise you lost to that other lock
in kara
lol I mean
if you wanna bring up the absurdity of the situation
it is pretty bizarre to focus on guardian eleixir
the other warlock in his raid is using adept elixir in kara
id just ask them what guardian elixir they want and why they want you to use that
its just sad to look at your parses and know your checked out tho
like
sure your not in a good guild
but you could be doing so much better man
with a bit of effort
honestly
warlocks have griefed fire spec
more than mage
"Xn uses shadow bolt so I think imma just use shadowbolt"
but the mage is fire
" idk man shadow seems better"
neither did we really
i have full fire res set
because of this disc LOL
mindblade ele / spriest prio
because it is
they cant use swords
yea well next phase theres a sword
theres no dagger
lol
why did you take atiesh
if you didnt wanna use atiesh
shit is actually so fucking lame
also its not "until TBC ends"
at this point I would do that for sure
P2 in a month
get Fang
just make sure prot pala doesnt expect a weapon every fucking phase
we are giving prot pala Fang
and saying keep filthy paws off tempest
all pug mages do not blizzard lol
not even close
and I curse / immolate in pugs if I think its worth
Dreadbeast
wat
you think curse is onyl utility of warlock?
mayb you should go mage disc sky
HS
soul stone
banish?
lol
go do mag w 2 warlocks
get back to me about 3rd lock utility
yea I agree saying mage brings 0 is strolling
but saying lock brings 0 also triolling
weakness and tongues also exist
multi sheeps can still be good
multi blizz
mayb you have scorch mage and imp blizz arcane mage
then they both bring util
we should be better than mage disc
not just circle jerk every day about other class being bad
dumb examples
i dont see a reason to argue
p obviously bad faith argument
yep
and so cringe too
no that would be banning you because your annoying
we are allowed to talk
about how we find your opinion annoying
just like your allowed to share it
yea but I did talk
so what?
"you dont got to talk you can just spectate"
its funny he corrects my spelling
and speaks like this
isnt it?
noone told you to stfu
whos the one crying?
yea and then it became this shit

lol
lol did he
ye this toxic shit just does nothing servers no purpose just annoying
warr discord asked me why would tanks soak on fight
and said lock should
and gave 0 explanation
i guess thought is
casters can still cast on boss
tanks can still hit boss
why not
why cant I cast
like if you dont know the fight why speak
lol
yea obvs your casts are shit
but you can still do some dmg
a feral could do a good dmg to the boss
right
how about lets not shift goalposts
question is who should soak
in soaker strat
not whether you should do soaker strat
surely there is a right answer
yes
a right answer can have nuance
doesnt mean there isnt a right answer
lol
I was thinking you would have
Prot pala tank
Feral Druid dps
Prot warr Soak
Boomkin Soak
Boomkin has spell dmg reduc, and accomplish much of his role while soaking
his dps loss should be among lowest by soaking
because his dps is ass anyway
feral dps > boomy dps
thats the reason
uh huh
so use 1 tank
to tank
1 feral to dps
1 tank to soak
thats a good argument
for doing 2 tank soak
my biggest pet peeve is ppl who sit on 13 / 16 hit on trash
like you just wasting 10 hit in stats
like trash is like 70% of dungeon and your spending raid w 10 hit wasted
why give you gear
just piss it away
yea you guys are casul
alot mroe then that
lol forgetting to swap bck for a boss
is still fucking worth
if fboss is 2 min long kara boss
and trash takes 10 minutes
yes
no lol
hit is more significant than warr swap
warr trash swap is tiny compared to 10 hit
being wasted
yea still its much smaller
than warlock
in vanilla
I just swap excess hit off
swap off hit neck
hit ring
etc
i dont jc neck on kara trash these days no
if your using jc neck
then dont swap neck
ofc
yea lol wat
but I also have full gemmed w crit oblivion
inluding pvp crit gem lol
yea trash set was diff betweeen beating mages and furies and losing to them in ssc trash
defs not "just 30 dps"
yea like forgetting is just dumb argument dont forget
every thing is pointless this phase
like why ever have discord
to talk about this phase
literally anything you can say is pointless
in this phase
mag click strat pointless
maulgar pointless
parsing pointless
speedrunning pointless
crit meta
idk if thats right play but gem req for obli was shit
im sying that ppl say literally everything is pointless right now
im not saying all these things are actually pointless
they are all fun
to some ppl
and they enjoy doing them
thats why you play this game for fun
its just annoying every convo
"its pointless"
what if I enjoy doing more dps and not wasting 10 hit in stats on gear
what I have to speedrun
to use a trash set
I made the point that its alot of wasted stats
and alot of ppl dont consider trash sets
mayb some ppl will realise they are slacking
mayb some ppl ignore it
either one is fine
yea and theres no way seed set is only 30 dps
ya what is this take skycrab
overall dps is a metric
hmm WCL changed the front page to not have trash dps on there hey
anyway
who cares about WCL
idk this 0 head take where only metrics that matter are ones you can parse on WCL
lumberjack website obsession
yea and you can do that without website
we still have fun in raid
you try to beat your friends in raid?
you dont need to measure dick against someone who triple lusted didnt banish didnt click to feel good about game
thats just learned behavior
from lumberjack site obsession
before classes we played private servers
and ppl enjoyed the shit out of it
no lumberjack site
no 99s
no dck sizing against your other raids
there wasa logs
but you didnt compare yourself to other random guilds as much
you just looked how you did in the raid
the old site for legacy players just compared to other ppl in your raids
no they really didnt sky
this shit is all product of 99 parse number
that compares you to others
game was enjoyed by many without dick sizing
exactly
many at actual top still play like private
their 99 is free
they compete in guild
not against random others
yea in your own guild
you didnt need a 99 on encounter and trash
to be stoked you beat that guy who always does good
or w.e
yea that was only competition for us really
individual bosses are meme
boss parsing is learned behavior
from lumberjack site
like I been guilty of it in the past
but
dicksizing warlock boss parses
where you press 2 buttons
is so fucking silly
show me your trash dps on lock
thats where gameplay makes a difference
where your usage of dots is relevant
etc
ride line of thrat
you can agony some trash
yea my whole point is just trash dps is more competitive and interesting than boss 2 button spam
yet
noone gives a fuck
about trash
because of lumberjack website
not so easy if you have god tier mage and other good lock
also fury even can compete
sometimes even ele sham is competing
depends on comp
sometimes the trash dps is just right for his burst
to be strong
show 99th
I seed on spectres before shade/illhoof too
and on imps before ill
idk theres a good amount of seed imo
like what 40% of trash ?
o someone said same thing LOL
sheeeesh
actuyally kinda lame that WCL took away boss + trash from front page
why did they do that
seed is 20 % of my dps on trash + boss
probably closer to 40% of trash tho
but also the more others are aoeing
and limiting your aoe dps at times
I got top boss+trash on server by accident
because we had no other aoe in group
why did WCL remove trash dps
it was there at start of kara
hmm ok
why is demo easier
like that is not what I would call it
its a PITA
have to manage pet
hard cast corr
o isee
im just bad
at read
i have same trick
just equip pvp trinket
and she wont repentance
speaking of shadow priest discord
over on shadow priest discord
they really hate fire locks
mayb even more than mage
they have taken the mage math on P2, and pretended its about P1
and plastered an FAQ
about why fire lock is bad
based on P2 math from mage disc
wrong
I have
can go search
if you want
:p

was it good sale tho
375 g for those bracers
yea I dont do it much
but literally never
is false
hunter discord
is bis
tbh
as much as I hate on hunters
hunter discord fucking owns
was p easy sell for me
but it was 375 g
idk dont go say shit like this there
but generally
they really chill
self deprecating
not like most disc
eh
most chill class sure
most chill class discord
nah
not druids
lol
yea they pretty chill compared to most
hunter disc still bis tho
in my exp
druid is high on tier list
im inclined to agree
shaman is down there too tho
you really want me w pink name looking down on ppl here :p
meanwhile mages are using base mana cost reduc trinket from BRD, everything is somehow good for mage
Srs gamers alrdy have that second set of gear
Yea but next phase all the bis is like nearly identical for shadow vs fire
Noone wants the few pieces shadow wants this phase
Like t4 chest
Fire seems kinda shit on vashj
Add phase is not very nice for scorch
Rekt
What does taking everything mean
why you think infernoweave is in game
i can ffind old comments saying they could melee tank it too tho
so I dont think its bugg
yes
thats what it said in the old guide

https://wowwiki-archive.fandom.com/wiki/Leotheras_the_Blind
if you do it right
melee can still pump without worry
and you ffree up a warlock to dps
if they can kill thaddi
they cant stand in spot
yea the blast doesnt hurt that bad either
only kills you if you have like
ALOT of stacks
i mean you could die earlier
if many ppl are taking dmg
and you cant be healed
Im not sure feral tanking is a huge difference maker tho
like I still do good dps on the fight
and the feral can cat
in demon phase
so what is the actual dps gain
of having bear tank it
stabile how much dps would you do in cat + cat gear, vs tanking it in firre res gear
thats alot man
I dont think I lose that much dps wearing fire res
as lock
tbh
ok now im sus
paladin threat
on that fight
with fire res gear on
that seems hella sus
yea idc if its a demon
exorcism is not that good for threrat
its a 10 s CD insta cast spell that has doggshit coefficient
yea melee tank might still be better, but I think its oversold how much better it actually is
but I guess if prot pala actually has no threat issue its fine
just pretty sus on that
prot pala doing 2k dps on single target really
thats the end
its just leo
the shadow is final phase
i believe
ok
yea he did normal prot pala level of demon TPS

this is his threat in the window
1200 tps
uhh is it?
its like 2k dps warlock
right?
I mean its the same TPS my prot pala puts out on illhoof
and we still ahve issues from time to time
but yes
its mostly fine
but if your pop off
you have to throttle
shatter for one demon phase
if you kill in one then thats great I guess?
its still kinda on the line
and could be causing dps to throttle
and if that is the case
its kinda not that goood
is 1 phase normal now?
we didnt 1 phase
but we havent done extensive reclears
just the one
its not really insane RNG to happen to crit first 3 incin/bolt and rip
happens all the time
that imp dies in 2 seconds
but pointless to argue about illhoof
@Stabile Does 2% threat to gloves scale with righteous fury
or def stance
like is it 1.92 threat or 1.938 threat
fuck
so yes it scales
and is 1.938?
you sure?

i think its enough but also rides the line of threat capping if your REALLY pumping
so whats the deal w lock tanks on KT
what do I need to do
I heard theres some chad strat of moving boss in and out
if your chad warlock
any idea what this "movement" thing could be about
someone tried to send me a clip called " chad warlock tank movement"
but the clip was deleted

this is what im being told
im a retard and didnt do KT on ptr
so idk what that means really
so the warlock chad is moving the bosss so normal tanks dont have to?
seems like kinda a lot of effort to do compared to a tank just positioning a mob
mayb its cause it keeps ppl safe with the fear?
and so you use fire res to tank this?
orr what?
do you use the staff thingy
or what
what do you do with it
can someone just write step by step guide lol
so ppl stack on you?
o 30 yd
so no stack
is it annoying at all picking up the weapons
I did atiesh quest
and picking up the sword for atiesh
was aids as fuck
I had to like press escape
to pick it up
o so you need on it?
and goes to bags
Imma watch it again
after I hear things from this disc
so I can understand better
@Stabile what are you guys doing w 100 marks belt
actually anyone
what you think of 100 marks belt prio
fight club is fucking retarded
100 deaths yea
well
seems good for bear
but also then 50% of ppl are like
if you need that to hold threat on bear your retarded
seems good on warrior but then ppl are like if you need that to hold threat on warr your retarded
and theres like pvp belt options for tanks
everyone replaces at minimum in sunwell
tanks possibly replacing earlier
but there is no better expertise belt earlier
idk its a mess
but atm both our tanks want it alot
Rets think it should be ret prio because expertise is great for them
furies think fury prio because they think every item should be fury prio
rogues same thing
yea you have to bring LAP
o the MC?
wack
and the current raids are nerfed too bero
KT is nerfed
already
yes they are
KT was nerfed on PTR
from the original numbers
yes
and then nerfed
ah
mayb
still got nerfed right
and they removed aggro bug thing
mmm i see
well regardless
jufff is still right
every phase
ppl say same shit
every phase
some % of ppl struggle
some % of guilds fall apart
its just normal shit
eh I think flexing warlock parses is cringe as fuck
you press 2 buttons you get 99 in compentent guild
im p s ure most grey parses are just dead ppl
not like theres some huge % of ppl stuck in grey land
most of grey land is just ppl who died
I imagine thats alot more rare than your suggesting
but who really cares
yea can say that shit about every mechanic on every boss
some ppl die to shatter every week
some ppl die to heigan dance
some ppl die to emperor
in AQ
some ppl die to trash every week in literally any vanilla raid
i wish world buffs still existed so everyone didnt just play like a retard on trash
ppl think that not having buffs to protect
means you just play like an ape
and make us res you
15 times per kara
if your regularly repairing in kara
your dogshit
12 weeks in you cant stay alive?
more now isnt it
if your dead your dps goes down
dont die
do more dps
yea sounds like you have shit dps and shit tanks and shit healers
sounds fun
loool
gz on your under 1:45 kara
sounds like a blast
thats not what I said
lol retards on the internet try to argue the dumbest shit like why you gonna put quotes around something I didnt even say
so sick of arguing w ppl who do shit like that lol
loool
shit like this is why ppl hate warlocks
y
this leather belt
this fucking leather belt
is the drama item I think
why cant melee just figure out their shit
caster shit is so nice and straight forward
imo dagger should be ele prio
but if loot rules is roll
then loot rules is roll
well
i thought dagger should be prioed
because I thought these classes didnt want nexus key
but now it seems they want a weap from every phase anyways
so like
whats the fucking point of dagger prio
i thought it was "only weap for us till BT"
now they want nexus key
and im like
wat
we arent giving rets dst
so im thinking we give them the leather belt
and tanks leather belt
and then melee dps can fight over it after
but tank leather belt is kinda fucked
idk
its not fucked theres just reasons not to do so
if we happened to get alot of gruul swords we would feel bad about taking daggers
so its not much regrets there
yea me too, but then they have their pvp belt option
thats like really good
no
you just bg for honor to get belt
if you dont bg for your off pieces at least
your kinda trolling your raid
like you cant argue for prio on an item because your too lazy to get item that is just bg grind
meh disagree
and should be insta queue next phase
anyway
ye
what you think stabile
bear prio
or
irrelevant threat
"if you need belt to hold threat your shit" is a thing i have heard
ok after ret
haha
thats at least plate belt
why enh over rogue warr?
@Stabile
hmm just cause they dont have access to mag belt
at that point just player level decision probably tho
who is unlooted
who is deserving
yea on my arms i think im just going for plate pieces
mayb the shoulders
for expertise
fuck all that noise
just get tier
and be chad
it sims almost the same
as leather off pieces
I get like 30 ish for arms
but
yea
its in the same ball park
thats a good argument actually
ty
DID THEY
DONT BAIT ME
DONT HURT MEEEEE
if they fix gcd haste gear for mages is super questionable
but im guessing thats bait
the bug is that GCD is supposed to cap at 1 s , was 0.75s
not that it scales at all
this means that a mage haste caps at 242 in bloodlust or something
basically gives them a haste breakpoint
whereas before
at 0.75s
they would never hit it
if they spaced their cds
that hursts arc frost more than arcfire
quas gonna have to redo the math
and it was already dam close
uh oh
arcfrost has haste CDs that can lead to them capping
but generally they just spacce out haste CDs and be fine
but it hurts them hard in short fights
where they have been popping everything at once
im not sure its actually fixed
or bait
lol
mage on mage disc
says its not capp
its not fixed
show proofs
so not fixed
entire disc baited by mage
nice
cant you just take quags bowiz and lust
and cast searing pain
and check if capped
isnt it simple
im on work PC
or just a GCD even
Its personal dps vs raid dps
If in your raid you have arms warrs surv hunters and others playing supp its kinda selfish to refuse raid dps gain for personal
Imagine if everyone did that. Ppl should be on ssame page
That said if you run 3 mage how many locks do you run
Ppl are stupid
Wowclassicbis.com
Made so many fucking retards
Fucking hunter preraid bis : savage gladiator chain
Hunter bis trinket : hand of justice
Yes technically they are bis
But so fucking stupid bc dmt trinket comes out
And t1 chest is free
Sgc lasts like til AQ for warr
Just makes ppl so dum
It also didnt know zg hunter or mage trink gives hit
So you had hunters sayin accuria is p3 bis
Because dont know zg enchant exist
W.e it was
In zg phase it said accuria bis
Hit added up to 11 instead of 9 on the set
Cause enchant
Lol
Well honestly problem is ppl only look at current phase bis
Like look at these discs. Only lists for current phase
Wowhead lists only current phase
Ppl make so many dumb decisions cause of this
Yes
Thats because ppl lazy
Just annoying to deal with
Its honestly hard af atm to figure out loot for loot council in guild
Dont know content I know most caster gear vut even that not enough
Need to know every single class gear all the way through game
And simming all that yourself is aids
Thats p good policy
Yea mayb should do that
Yea
I mean making the prio sheet is the work
And if you wanna do it right you need to know all classes all phases
Like you can make innocent decision that fucks you later on. Eg: hunter gets 1000 marks ring cause bis for both him and warr. But hunter has like 2 replace options next phase and warr keeps the 1k marks its bis
No reason to assume those logs are fake
MdRuin is strong dps spec succubus just dies
you assume chinese speed run is rigged too in naxx?
how is someone supposed to prove log isnt fake
how did salad bakers edit logs
looks fine to me
succ doing 250 doesnt sound crazy
right but belt and boots might be more contested wand should just be lock prio
so idk depends how your loot shit works
chest belt boots I think
been looking at this list https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1BlzuGrjSc7bGddTWjec36gvrKmvdMyoljkKL7GrmcIk/edit#gid=0
seems pretty solid except wand
wrist sextant and belt only things that share
its 5% miti as advertised
nothing to see here
because lock can cast still
this lets a tank dps
im just saying the logic
im not saying I agree with the logic
IMO you do boomkin prot warr soaker
yes but not as melee
Depends on comp
Well 1 mage and 6 locks
Not so meme
Even mage disc math says it's worth at 5 lock
And that math is biased
never saw a setup w T5 glove
but seen some w mag gloves
for fire I think your using T4 glove and T4 shoulder
if you skip engi helm then mag gloves w T4 hel m shoulder
so I guess T5 gloves is an upgrade to mag gloves
in that scenario
but that doesnt mean they should get it
quag


its not huge better
but its a bit better
well
its not their bis
they use leggings of murderous
and other 4 pce
but like all hunters waiting for murderous
might not be the play
and im not sure what surv wants
How does BOED interact w seed
apparently they fixed icd on equip
so you can trinket swap
as in trinkets dont icd on equip
?
lol
true actually
i forgot about those memes offset haste shit
enhance too right
enh has some issues at certain haste
some weird dps plateau
but they push past it and are ok
i forget why
To me i think like sextant even
alot nicer
you can ahve a buncha trinket icds ticking in bag
and bring em out for 1 trash pack
mayb even use elder scribes robe this way
taht shit is actually bis for maulgar
https://tbc.wowhead.com/spell=15258/shadow-vulnerability
that number is spell id
easiest google
of my life
also you can swap bowiz on and off
for proc?
mid combat
is it god tier now
yo that sounds insane
does mongoose work like that too
also we got fiery wrath boots
in diff kara split
this week
gliders boots
tru
all you need is 4 locks w 25 crit
100% isb uptime
sextant
no
thats not the bug either
its other way
your capped erarly because it counts the mob
yea its just abig L
the bug
thats all
ppl just confused thinking you want shadow for hydross and tidewalker
yea main arguemnt against fire is really speedrun saccing pets is bad
theres some ways you can make it ok ish tho
like
you have downtime summon lurker
you can be shadow sac all the way to lurker
sac at lurker downtime
insta sac after lurker
but meh its probably still got issues
for tru speedrun
well see
6?
no its not?
its 12 isnt it
yes
doxxious bro
have you ptred
why would you ever seed one group
thats such a fucking waste
doxxious you are almost always wrong when you ptich in except leveling chat
love yea
but bruh
thats not what you meant tho
sure a few ddie a bit later
that doesnt mean 15% for one or 2 seed per phase is worth AT ALL
and technically they all should die very near same time
unless warrs are padding like retards
you CAN facetnak but its unnecessary healing tax
kiting is fine
its not a rush
give him like 5 s to get real good aggro
speedrtun strat probably kills adds fter boss dead
pala kitet many packs of them
just ST boss
use super sappers
on giant pile of murlocs
etcx
more efficient aoe to do after boss dead
its still more efficeint yes
use brain
super sapper
pala aoe
dmg
haste cds and shit
at the end XD
might see warr stack reck boss on ST
then all super sapper the end
very efficient strat
reminder icd on equip was fixed
in case anyone missed that
I got that one from kenneth
unban kenneth
dranthax shoulda been banned
has huge implications actually
ever trash pack can be swappinf icds and letting them tick in bags
you could feasibly use shiffars sextant quag etc
its out there
yea icd on equip is like some wrath shit
bugg fixed
havent testd myself
may be mistake trusting kenneth
but its probs tru
ye
i just havent
ye
whats wrong w curse proc
isnt it pog
i feel like ryu was complaining about it
i precast
so
pog to me
yes
might affect how many casts you get in short duratiion
but proc beats no proc lol
Dont think self cast works
Curse does
Hes in warr again
But is fight club even real disc anymore
Lol
Beat me to it
Ye
How about bowiz swap mid combat pog
Elder scribes even
Could be viable swap
Bowiz does icd so kinda meme
No but for 1 trash pull?
And back to bag
This is :healspls: on mage disc
Abd stolen by lock disc
I demand proper accreditation
Fuck
Was sleep
Not fair
You see some ppl just enjoy game and playing w friends
and game isnt just sweating
i know , hard to understand
no friends
its rough out there
some ppl play game for lumberjack website and some sort of false glory
some ppl rage at 1hr kara
because they are small pp energy
mayb chill out annd take a breath
touch grass
enjoy life
Insteadd of getting viscerrally mad about fire lock on internet
noone cares about your thoughts
no
i dont care about you
or what you think of shadow lock
Noone does.
your not
ok dude
you talk about game in most depressing way like everthing must be speedrun or actaul waste of time
tell me
were you ever relevant in a speedrun
noone knows you
noone cares
also how do you do those raids sober
who raids sober
â¤ï¸
post more love
less hate
its like kenneth - rages at everyone if they mention they have prot warrior or anything else he considers not 100% optimal in speedrun
but guess what
his guild is a literal Who?
he never was in a good speedrun
salat buker and progress
o on NA
i duno
Fusion I guess
still pretty who
they said that about bwl
and AQ
yea im sure it will be different this timei
kenneth is p smart guy hes probably good
but yea I think alot of those autists are so stupid levels of gamer toxic
they can never make it work
social aspect is part of game
yo anyone can enjoy game however they want
just shitting on others enjoyment of 15 yr old game
omega cringe
are you meming lol
yea your memeing
okay give me the based take on arc res
how much should I craft w gbank money
my tanks said they were fine w 200 on the PTR
everyone says go 400+
because cheap ass
also we having boomy soak I think
so he wants to do dps
but we 1 shot it
with 200 arc res
okay
because we 1 shot w 200 arc res and im cheap
crafting 4 sets
for 2 raids
its expensive
not that expensive
but not free
why not?
feral can do dps if the boomy soaks
boomy can still cast
idk thats my logic
still provides buff / FF
they also ahve reduced spell dmg taken talent
seems kinda min max for our raid team to do boomy
wwwwyea
yea
but when we 1 shot they were taking missiles
in 200 AR
and living
my logic is feral does more dps
and boomy is there soaking
still able to hit boss
so w have prot pala tanking
feral doing dps
and boomy prot warr soaking
i just think cucking a healer isnt the play
yea
idk seems like the min max play for us assuming we want the healers healing
but im open to alternatives
well we did just fine on PTR with them in range
eating missles
I dont think it REALLY matters what ppl you use for soaking
sure
so really im not too concerend about the min max play here
but
more so
how much arc res to buy
w gbank money
for stable kill

this is what I have so far
2 raids
im trying to be a cheap ass
and skip the JC stuff
beccuaase expensive
but if it really is risky to not have all the other pieces
because
im
the best
why not paint
im here doing the research
im in all the discs
most others in guild havent got a clue
not that I do either
but it doesnt seem like anyone really knows
they just say go 400+ AR
but then my tanks are like "we used 200 AR on PTR"
was easy
so yea i think im just sticking w the cheap AR for now
try to snipe more greens off AH
hmm
resist all gems
yea basically free gems
im just being cheap
jc neck is dogshit gold/res
yea bro
this is looking nicer
better use of gold
@Stabile soulcloth shoulders
should be free
if you save soul essence
so can pinch some pennies there if you want
eww idk about the helm there
but mayb
intersting
i do need to level engi
but thesres so many rolls
ye
if you get one
good tip
getting a helm is nice
because the 20 AR res enchant from shatar rep
is cheap
o is it
sheesh
help
tho doom is often better than agony
i dont think doom is very unsafe
but yea dont use it if its gonna make you rip
yea jsut some places you shouldnt doom
like nightbane
unless you know the timings are safe
what is the best Jelly Belly flalvor?
everyones gonna have diff nightbane phase lengths
what works for you
doesnt work for someone else
just dont be retarded w doom
nuff said
i lik cherry but half the time I get cinnamon
i just got a creamsicle one
and it owned

not my favorite yea
but i got a bunch as gift
uhh
dont use that neck for seed
my bag addon doesnt swap necks
becuase I use JC necks
but ideally crit wherever you can get it
Rainbowspec pog
32
mayb they can rainbow spec into imp cs
actually they need icy veins coldsnap for fastest scorch uptime

talking about wrath
what is this build
in wrath
!mgi
yea i saw it
looks pretty sick the imp will have so much crit w all the talents



and you use fire spells
buff your immo aura
coomer


ghey

you cast soulfires too
in demo spec?
like how much cooler could you be
melee range casting fire spells
weaving soul fires
turrning into demon
biggest raid buff
is it actually worse for raid buff
wouldnt the crit in this imp and low cast time
make it have really good pact uptime
vs felguard
ya tru
so you just have less spellpower because of the stats on FG
not huge loss then
but sure kinda meme
imp living
yea
no, obviously every arcane mage that cant break 95 on mag is gonna own  in SSC prog
Long things make jpaint jealous
you sure armor does nothing
there was alot of posts about using armor scrolls and shit for shatter
all the lock talk nerds agreed that you should use armor scrooll on gruul
yea that makes sense i guess
but ti does seem harder to live on my clothie than plates
meh
mayb just for cave in
I will never believe TLC is bis for seed
MAYB for aoe cap only
but  nothing else
show me the math shit does like near 0 dps everytime I use it
Shiffars always does better for me
lol just listen the clip
thats why you dont do EPGP
or let fucking holy shock paladin exist in rid
raid*
if you have meme specs in raid
and you have point based system
bad things happen
almost always
if you now gonna say you have point system w prios
well thats just LC with extra steps
sure but you dont take vashj robes so you can do 1 more dps w holy shock
hes devils advocating
a retard loot situation
scroll up a bit theres funny sound clip Louki
listen
yawn
id wager that guy isnt some min maxed dude dpsing when his heals arent needed. Hes someone who wanted to play meme spec and asked raid to do so
but hey
w.e
my statement is not false
meme spec  + point based system is bad time
whether the person in question was meme spec
is not really detracting from my statement
yea your just arguing for sake of arguing
yea so you think you shouldd EPGP with restrictions?
So diff claasses like meme dps pala cant use EPGP on bis items?
thats just LC
what would be an example of general restriction
that prevents a shock pala from taking gear he shouldnt
but still allows him to take reasonable amount of gear
right so your just saying prios beforeheand
which will just lead to you basically picking out what items the pala gets
because ppl will spend big points on the vash robe, whatever item you leave open to him he will get
and that just defeates whole point of agency over your own loot
i dunno man I have never seen a guild where point based system went well
if you think LC is alot of planning and requires knowledge of entire expansions' itemization, then making fair point system is even worse
because yea if some ppl scoop alot of gear w little competition, they can then scoop big pieces as well since they spent so little
so you have to set like reasonable minimums and shit
but picking actual reasonable numbers for minmums on various pieces
is a math problem
a math problem almost noone does - I dont even know you approach it
yea sounds like a shit hole mess
but LC is the only one that actually gives you the agency you need to fix problems
you cant adjust point based systems
or ppl will mald
id arrgue it is because a good point system is even more effort
and a shit point system can murder your guild
mayb 90% of guilds just are unwilling to put in the bare minimum effort to keep 25 ppl happy in their guild
because a shitty slopppy point system is worse than /roll
ele sham boomy
but they should understand its lock prio
probs cause they know they shouldnt touch vash
sun king gloves are jus really good too for them
@Diurdi vash robe can sim just as good/ bit better depending on fight and shit but its just not worth
@Diurdi mages like int
not just crit rating
and they will use 4 pces of T5
so its 4pce w robes or 4 pce w gloves
and they basially the same
hard for mage to make the hit work
because only need 6%
in arcane spec
vash robes leads to a less int setup that does a bit better in short fights for arcane maage iirc
meh not really
we want more than that
but only 3 pieces we actually give a fuck about
yea but bracers are kinda sick too coming from havok
so is neck
so is boots/belt
o s2 pvp
hmm
yea good point
weapon also
sextant ðŸ˜¦
me want sextant
yes
we do
imagine you dont swap trinkets on trash
now that ICD is not a thing on-equip, sextant is pog
im not talking about PW sim ST dps
not really
obvs I dont think sextant is on the level of vash robes
like
that should just be obvious
who is everyone tho
is there even any class that wants sextant
sure.
belt of blasting too
but thats kinda just gonna come w time
I did already say that only 2 items actually matter but saying we only want 2 items is a bit misleading
well ele sham bro says it sims worse than current trinkets
but obvs didnt sim multi target
TLC sometimes
mayb bangle as well
and then the fucking burst of knowledge on short fight
yea bangle but you have to be pretty long fight or have shit mana support
nah
this one is not so good
violet eye reduce mana cost
on casts
err
gives mana regen on cast
or some shit
turns out its realy shit mana
succubus respec spec
succubus DN
pog
just do whole kara succubus never die
gamer
can you use steam tonk to save your pet
like hunters
basically steam tonk insta de-summons hunter pet
and saves its buffs
https://youtu.be/9k13BSox6Z8?t=416
heres the clip
guess its BIG for TK and shit
my hunter now never even clicks dismiss pet he uses steam tonk even if hes just tryna jump off a cliff in dungeon and not pull
yea fel dom limits use
still could be big if your trna succ meme
tru
ah so  your saying you cant brinng it back out
still, saving your pet is big
hmm i guess it probably wouldsnt still be buffed on resumm hey?
as soon as you unsumm your pet you prolly lose soul link in meme case right
didnt seem to do that in clip I saw
they cancel aura it and hes back in busines asap
imagine playing demonology
ofc it despawns
so it works
but not as useful
because feldom basically same thing
what did you thtink it would do , teleport your pet back to you?
^
cool
well you can do that w just feldom
you dont need steam tonk
steam tonk would only be useful if you didnt have feldom
or if your trying to dodge some specific mechanics
like raid wide aoe
aalso just QOL way to put your pet away
for like a trash skip
you cant just unsumm your pet can you
have to summ a diff one
o i didnt know that was how hunters did it
never tried
hunters cant dismiss instantly
they can dismiss it takes 5 sec tho
idk never tried
does it work
ok
and instant?
haha silly hunters look what they do to mimic a fraction of our power
theres one from engi ya
you can have as many as you want
sprint trinket baby
skulls good too
also the trinket thats ally only
that ticks dmg to you perma
i mean its great for tanks to deal w gouge mechanics
like solo tanking tiger boss in ZG
yea but you have to chug slammer at perfect time
if you can predict the gouge sure
or spam it all fight
slammer just needs to be ticking when gouge goes out
but yea you can spam all fight I suppose
yes
lol xelrog
theres other useful low level trinkets and stuff
yall hate on abyssal shard but I love it
on repentance it gets cancelled
but generally no
mobs all run away from you when moroes gouges
or tiger boss in ZG
dont think so
thats where you use suicide trinket XD
if alliance

ally only item
if your tryna break gouge on bear in horde speedrun
hmm
can they use skull in form
skull of impending doom
only thing I can think of
and thats not v reliable
@gremmerðŸ¢ if specifically moroes, you can have your prot pala MT the boss, and use blessing of sac on the second threat person
and bear is just second threat
but yea I dont think theres good way to keep bear on boss
yea your fucked I think
just make your fury or something take agro
on boss
so hes the one gouged
idk check log for space force then
but I cant think of a way
is it?
i thought they stop hitting you
when gouged
ooo
just bop gouge works I guess
o fap might work
freedom?
ok
o yea LAP
but can you LAP in form bro
dont think so
think you gotta pre FAP
or can you swap form in gouge?
lol
o derp
just pvp trinket the gouge?
we retarded
youll get it back
yea moroes gouge is special
I cant zerk rage that gouge
idk what will work
no bro repentance 100% works
pvp trinket
like 3 week ago
Insane Kane do you have a macro that pops your trinkets
i thought it wasnt working
but turned out I was popping it
with my other trinkets
lol
how much forr S2 bracers?
no?
hah ye i thought so
Tbc dead bc maitoz quit game
Apes ded
!xn
Rip
!drakestone
Tbc is dead because lock is sleeper class and also meta class for speedrun
Your copium
Must be sad to be stuck shadoe
low key
i kinda wanna play affli
got a taste of the arms gameplay
and now warlock is so bland
fire or shadow
both is sleeper
ðŸ˜¦
wake me when WOTK fire demon spec
whats dis
warlock statck finallly?
also @Aloysius arent you one of the million warlocks that said hunters > warlocks this phase
and made fun of me for disagreeing
TFW top speedkills on mag are now warlock dominated
remember dont be sheep use brain
literally one guild triple lusted hunters early and everyone said "yea warlock doesnt compete w hunter in this phase"
lol
based on nothing
not true at all
top 3 speedkills are warlock heavy
cba to look at more
and all the big lock posters here all came at me and made fun of me for not simping hhunters because of some early logs where they dont even 5 stack
Lol foty linked gruul thats what fotys talking about
Ypu guys are talking about 2 diff things
And yes your being sheep  calling potato and not reading
Get brain
its not tho
ttop speedkills are all lock heavy
because you dont kill mag fastest w hunters
you need aoe for channelers
my entire take, 2 months ago, that was heavily mocked
look at speedkills
not fucking parses
where ppl meme lust the wrong class
and yes lots of hunter parses because of SHEEP
following a few guilds blindly
triple lusting hunters
still lose to locks on speed tho
thats gruul
again your reading without brain
trying to argue
take a seat
lol yes ppl care you just seem upset about being called sheep
trying to argue based on what your reading in front of you
without understanding it
useing gruul times to talk about mag speedkills
saying none cares about speeedkills when thats all ppl did all phase
your a joke bro
no no
not you foty
carry on
But it is luxury for sone
One mans trash is another man's treasure
Anyone watch kara speedruns? Watched SB do one yesterday and their warlocks seemed so fucking bad
Like <1k dps on spite
Made no sense to me
Sims same as quags
Dont encourage spriests to go under hit cap for negligible dps gain
Its raid dps loss delaying weaving
Prot pala is mags eye user
Its good for prot pala
Yea but quags sims same
Quags has flat sp too you know
Yea i mean fine to give spriest noone wants but prot pala gets more mileage imo
But is darkmoon card better
Thata next phase right
I c
W.e all spriests have
Bleh i dont think many know afflic well
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/Lh68P3d2xFtqYkfb#boss=-3&start=13&end=2831877&type=damage-done
why were locks do fucking bad in this speedrun
like look at spite dps
look at their gearing
<1k dps spite
like they have no support
but its still really really bad isnt it
is this what your brain looks like on shadowbolt
most speedruns dont look this bad
for locks
but this one is so fucking cringe
yea I mean the trash dps
makes sense
but the ST boss dps
is super fucking bad even
wym?
laty in VOD says he wanted  3 hunter and just token CoR lock
but I feel like Laty has weird perception of lock like their locks suck or something
all other speedruns have multi locks doing well
yea
drast sometimes wasnt even on meter
and I watch vod and was just as confused
drast isnt bad gamer usually...
but look their gear choices
look the gems
like I get gearing for trash concept
but they just seem out to lunch man
I feel like its not a very good comp
arms warrior feels shit in this comp
just run another fury its 10 man
is it?
its diff than the 9 speedruns above them?
top 1 run
2 run

3 run
all basically same comp
they are the odd one out in terms of comp
laty says mage = grief class, warlock only for CoR
and yet he drags an arms along
just so he can pump more
no srpiest
4 comp
5 comp

yea i  think mage covers for prot pal welll
fury does seem great for this
im just curious why you say laty comp is bis
when it has stark differences from majority
yea I think so too
Heres our comp for tonight

im arms
yea he says in vod he wanted hunter but had to take alt lock
we have grief rogue GM
in speedrun
and no hunters
but we are just tryna have some fun not tryna go for record
yea....
it seems like hes retard
how you gonna do <1k on 1 minute spite
I do 1.8k consistently
for sure
yea me too
i dont think these are "near bis" comps at all
i dont think ppl know what bis is
comp and shit doesnt really matter
just hold W
top 10 in the world and they died alot
its just not that competitve in general
yea sure
but i think theres just alot of gap in skill/executuion still
before comp becomes super relevant
why enhance
j/w
is it
for the buffs it brings?
ye
i  agree
like yea comps are dece but I dont think a few deviations is make orbreak
they died and fucked up alot
yea my thought awas just they actually do good dmg on trash
ye
ofc
thats obviouis
ele saham in spriest group is grief
Dont think you are seeing that
Also lots of hit on gear
Hard for totem to work
they want the boomy to come to their group
mana argument memes
the true baseed fact is dont bring boomy
they are dog
the leader of faerlina discord ( not official one but the cringe sperg one ) kicked me for calling him out on using hard R
hes also the leader of vampire clan
srry I learned recently sperg is short for aspergers
tyna purge that from VOcab
VC is old p server guild, that dominated faerlina in Vanilla
yea they have yesmaster the "undefeated" bear flag carrier who like never lost WSG for really long time
but eventually did
and was big mad
was first person to have WSG exalted in vanilla IIRC
yea right
they werent allowed to have wbuffs and his pet happened to have WCB
and so he used that to get the loss removed
your the best shadow lock in the game i thought
you can figure it out mayhem
!mayhem
why you wanna do what the cult says?
oof looks like mayhem lost his guild and parses big down
did you say youd wear neck too
or did you just say
here take neck simp for me
yea sounds like you just raid w retard
you gotta play for team in TBC
is ring big?  this guy put ring over fang on his list?
i hate TLC im a TLC non believer
i dont think 2mage is bad really
it makes better use of spriest
mages are more fun
what can I say
mage disc went overboard meming basically
when it was just me they made fun of and pastaed was all good but they started harassing some noob who came discord for help
becuase he liked fire
and pasta spamming him
and basically mods finally did their job
and cleaned up the mess
or rather dumpster fire
that was arcane chat
they deleed all the troll commands like !warlock
and CSD dropped mod
imo anus was in the right
he did the right thing
it was really fucking bad yesterday
i dont think so man
twizzles was invovled too
twizzles i pretty based
and isnt simp for anus
i think he banned 1 person?
and kicked a few for timeout
but it was actually others doing alot of kicking
narazil and twizz
my contribution to warlock discored
and that channel is so good dude
its so wholesome
i love it
krymer
never listen
to him
lol
he deserves everything that he gets
i can link pages and pages of krymer being full on retarded
no hes way worse
retarded is bad word
shouldnt use
but krymer is the WORST
i have him blocked so that sprobably him talking yea
krymer is literally the single worst person from all of mage disc
noone there takes him srsly at all
or even acknowledges him
blocking krymer was bis for me
i try not to block
but if its constantly just useless harassment
i dont need that shit
waste of life
to deal with that
yea if hes behaved here
np man
and after these changes in mage disc , actualy pog discussion about haste for mages in P4/5
o its chromie being mad he cant be asshat in mage disc anymore
smallest violin
not krymer
i see
pics
or
bullshit
put up or shutup
we need pics
yesterday
im jokin ofc
i just want dog pic
no ðŸ˜¦
my roommats have had them
i personally live alone now and I had to work 40 hrs weeks so I dont think I can be dog owner
i thik its just not right to leave pupper alone all the time
o my god
o my go
its so cute
how the fuck could someone not want to play w that tho
still think bullshit
yea yea ok
i was like
that is rott weiler?
i heard some weird take on pitbulls - that ppl shouldnt be allowed to have as pets
because they basically feral animal like tiger
sure you can make it domestic and nice
but its statistically not a good pet for ppl
yea I said that
but he was like "i mean you can say same thing about tiger"
does that mean you can bring a tiger to the park
it was defs not that
he was arguing from data about ptibulls
and the ppl they have killed
and stuff like that
it was interesting take really
one that most ppl wouldnt like tho
yea but you  can have feral animals and train them well as owner too
and they can go whole life never hurt a fly
doesnt mean yuo can have feral pets
yea
he ended up meeting me in middle
and say you should have to have some sort of training/registration
to be owner of pitbull
which I think is reasonable
I trained 2h axe last night
So i can use ravager
On tidewalker
Dont fucking @ me
Why
Prove it
Show me
I havent tested yet much
But on enough targets
Still bis
Its not even aoe capped is it
Its a melee hit
Its ap and crit
Works w reck and wish
And any other cds really
Its just low dmg weapon
Mine is ench w lifestealing i did some tc that lifestealing should proc a fuck ton bc its normalized proc on slow weap
But it didnt work out so good
I think it needs revision
idk what that means
if it scales off my AP and crit it goes brrr on enough targets
thats all I kno
whats a regular weapon vs a phantom strike
whts that mean
what do boots of blasting look like

velvet boots
boots of blasting
tHe verdict
boots of blasting match vashj chest and are therfore bis
no further questions
no
further
questions.
this is it
lock disc over
we are done
we know everything we need to
NO
no
not like this
im so fucking sad
im about to test if it scales w haste
but if it cant self proc spin forever
im depreseed
spoiler
fight club knows nothing
they dogshit tier now
pala discord level
how do you know its from the set bonus specifically
you know int gives you crit right
yes
is that cloak beating haste cloak on sim
!realbisraidsetup
lmao
arms enhance soaker
>Arms is also chunky
LOL
you clearly dont understand that warriors sit in zerker stance and take  more dmg than most classes from mechanics
never mind their cds hurt them
yea and at that point why are you making arms do it and not a tank
LOL
what do you even do on KT
do you just stand there
and cast
on copernian
but
is IDS good
why would you use kiblers tho
for leo
i guess you get insta spap threat
but you have to have pet out
why would you want that
why is a hunter better tank
because of whirlwind
?
i guess
since pet doesnt use gear
hhunter in FR
is less loss
than warlock in FR
agree
but it is taxing
its "fine" for healing up to a point where its not
why not just warlock week 1
hunter gotta bring millions of kiblers
for no reason lol
10 per phase?
per attempts
if you wipe
go store get more kiblers ok
in b4 jpaint dead and wiped first bosss SSC
jparsing
idk yea chances are low of wipe in good gorup
but it CAN happen
just seems like a whole buncha weird ffor no gain
bring millions of kibler
pound these back
get fire res gear
bla bla
why
whats the point
what does it actually do for you
I mean the typical rreason is because
searing pain is designed for this
sure mayb a couple kiblers and a hunter pumping holds aggro
but it sounds much more risky
imagine trusting a hunter
to do something good
ofc
but hunter w kiblers
doesnt sound better
well no
because you can kiblers too.
you need to argue outside of kiblers
why your using a hunter
I mean I guess man but the thing is if you arent chugging kiblers back constantly, which ryu says you arent
then the threat is still kinda weird man
hunters 35% dmg is in their pet
they dont make good threat
even without salv
yea its just a buncha wasted gold on kiblers
for
nothihng
yes but warlock is threat monswter
doesnt have half his dmg in a pet
like you can do whatever you want its fine it just seems like a weird amount of extra effort and shit to put in for ???? gains
dragging around bags full of kiblers
also ofc we get bonus healing as lock
warlocks also have more stam
more stam, bonus healing, abilities meant for threat,
ALSO
OK
whats your hunter gonna do in P3
err last phase
he gonna pound kiblers and rip aggro?
on the main boss
and then die once w SS
and then die again w friends SS
and then get battle res
meh
it will yes
buff threat is divided among targets
pally is best obvs
because pally does no dmg
also demon
^
well honestly last phase not an issue
you dont even hit demon in P3
2 searing pains\
and you go boss
to help kill
yea if your argument is just I am warlock and dont want to tank
sure
do w.e
but hunter doesnt really seem better
it just seems like a buncha wierd effort
mayb in paints comp
they simp locks
and give them raid support
and hunters are just MD bots
which might make sense
if paint dies because he rips aggro off a hunter tank
imma laugh so hard
yea from dmg sense this MAY be true
tho hunter pet dmg is affected by hunter critss and stufff tooo
and I did alot of dmg
in my fire res set
so idunno
lol
yea Im just arguing w anecdote against your non-data
which is fine.
im kinda mixed
I like full raids
that you can compete for top on
but then I gotta tank this Leo like cuck
so I might be cucked
Under
yea
its the crit
not the proc
your not seeding the whole time on tidewalker
your only seeding lik 30%
and so I would defs want to use sextant
also TLC is dogshit
is that true tho ryu
I really dont think so
I think you sextant
you could be in situation where your seeding the whole time
but you probably wont kill the boss if you arrent killing the murlocs in time
speedrun strat mayb ignores adds
yea I mean thats just logical
doesnt mean TLC is good for the fight
in b4 you do it week 1 and TLC does < 1 % of your dps
on the fight
and you look dum
yea but crit is good on aoe cap
LOL
but that isnt what TLC does
??? Sextant gives crit
that is value
Have you guys ever actually used TLC
its so shit
im not talking about fucking Icon lol
it has a 2.5s cd
This
sure
its worth trying if your guild has scuffed aoe then you need all the help you can get
I would also argue
that this ST dps on one murloc
is basically just padding
is that who it flies to?
I think it flies to the closest person
and that is likely murlocs
yews you want to spam on morogrim what
yea you want to kill murlocs evenly
the hit is decent reason but we are only seeding 30% of the fight
I dont think you are gonna get value dropping hit

oblivion is aoe capped
useless set
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/42JWA7LPxkGrBwKF/#fight=43&type=damage-done&source=15

I think you can
in speedrun
just kite
if the pala gets grave
blizz
and everyone STs the boss w lust
and then at the end you can use un - aoe-capped sappers
on ALL murlocs
very efficient kill
for speedrun
if you ST the boss you very likely skip at least 1 murloc phase
maybe 2
okay? it was prog
but you will do more dps if you have less AOE
naturally
on this fight
that doesnt really mean anything
sounds like you had less aoe and probably didnt chain lusts on aoe
and that meant you seeded for more of the fight
why?
the majority of your dps does come from AOE
did you chain lusts
ye so your strat was worse but do more dps because less AOE in raid
WAIT LOL
you said that is trash dps
when your locks do the same dps lol
our locks actually outdpsed yours
"that is trash dps I do more as affli LOL"
is there? we have less AOE %
than you
and its basically same dps
the majority of the dps IS AOE that was never a question
the thing is you still spending like 50% of your time casting on boss
and your advocating to drop hit
so you can Not seed the boss, which just extends the aoe phase longerr
yea if you have shit AOE dmg just wear crit and spam seed whole fight
if you want max parse be the only AOEer
and seed spam your heart out
yea no man what ends fight quicker is killing murlocs faster and then getting ALL your AOE dps back on boss
rather than seeding murlocs, splitting dps, and the murlocs die slower
yea your ST dps on boss
in aoe phase
is way lower
than you casting on boss
you dont try to do a bit of cleave on boss while extending the murloc phase
youd rather just kill murlocs and get an extra shadowbolt/incin on boss
your basically arguing that getting a seed explosion on boss > getting an incin on boss
and thats not true
this is probably why you have 80% seed time
because you arent efficiently killlingh murlocs
its a seed faster
every sered that doesnt hit a murloc
is another seed you have to cast
well
1/4 of a seed
no 4 locks
are casting seed
so effectively the 4 seeds cast on a murloc = 1 more seed to kill all murlocs
and that 1 more seed
could be an incinerate
so your arguing that the ST dmg on the boss is better by doing dmg w seed
but thats just not true
a incin or bolt does way more than a seed
If you use my log specifically (Heezzy), I was doing meme strat wherre I life tap spam so pala can heal me
So I didnt get as much ST dps as others would
also I went tank group w imp out
and didnt get any lusts
30-50% seems normal
80% seems wildly high to me
Hathos also did kill the last murlocs tho
we didnt kill the last murlocs
we just murdered boss
which I tihnk is 100% the call
why do you think this
why do you think you cant ignore muirlocs
you can kite them
forever
what is your logic
40k raid dps kills this in 144 seconds
you skip murloc phases
you gonna hsave minutes off your kill
then you sapper and use all your un aoe capped spells
to destroyu murlocs
efficiently
I think you will see a speedrun using tons of warriors reckless ness and sapper sto kill murlocs at the end
by end of phase
even if you only do 30k dps thats a 3 minute kill
but 40K dps is a "good" raid iirc
running around?
you kite them in cirlce w prot pala
or just mage
and banish / channeling cubes / etc
yea 40k is what I recall being "good" dps
thats why I used it
and gruul silences
and has shatter mechanic
40K raid dps is usually what ppl guesstimate for good guilds
I mean you said it didnt exist
and said it was impossible
we get bettergear
arent silenced
etc
i mean
the number doesnt matter man
pick whatever fucking number you want
the point is
you skip killing 36 murlocs
to kill  boss faster
k
I mean either but speedrun is where I see them using it
i mean if your speedrun is lock stack
you probably just kill them
if your speedrun is melee stack
or hunter s
you probably use sappers at the end
well seems that bakers ius gonna run hunters
i think there will be stable strats for kiting
I dunno mayb they do despawn
ye
i think a warrior speedrun
also
expose armor curse works on boss
you enslave murloc
get big armor pen
warriors all reck
then super sapper
sounds hella chad
and hella efficient
it is.
lol
no way bro
your cooked
and havent done the fight if you think that
your gonna skip a full wave of murlocs, amyb even 2
and not all aoe dmg is aoe capped
like ours is
the pala is gonna kill the first wave half hp or some shit
on his own
theres also the new meme where the pala uses the flame wrath weapon that has  a thorns effect that scales 100% Spellpowerr
he gets like a 800 dmg thorns effect
but thats more memey
Reminder you can make mana pot injectors
More shard space
Will I be ok w 270 unbuffed fire res
Lots of ppl dont buy gold
Lots do
I mean I didnt buy any gold since they started 3 day banning
They obvs mitigate some of it
But at same time trading retail token for gold is allowed
And its basically same thibg
So is it really cheating
Yes it's allowed
No. Ppl literally do it on stream
Trade for token
Popular streamers
yea I mean dig through the rrules if you want but lots of ppl do it
anyways why are we talkinig about gold buying anyway
what started it
but yea
gold buying
boosting
does take something from game
your not supposed to just raid log and have everything
well the arg there is it actually helps
because if you farm
you get more gold
but then farms are botted
so its trash
I mean you dont even play game
Dive
lol
like obvs ppl play the game and care about it your not one of them
thanks
we should do UI review
i mean its something. But then you have famous pro retail players trading tokens while they buy boosts on stream so they can spam arena all day
and no bans
everyone I have asked said its not bannable
your  a mage after all
even more mage
rekt
how old tho
still x to doubting
mayb its bannable
but they dont ban for it
Yea actuyally
it says "gold exchange in wow is subject to our terms of srvice"
"buying form thired parties is bannable"
it doesnt actually say thats bannable
it says its subject to terms of srvice
IIRC
if you get scammed they will do nothing
but they also wont ban you
jpaint
stream your T5 clear
with cam
or you a bitch
thought you doing no wipes
hunter tank
warlock stack
god comp
you just talkin trash or what
whos baiting mods
hell yea
Not sure if I want to master bait jpaint because never cam on lock talk
the greatest podcast
for the greatest class
crix ryusei and that other guy
can get it tho
and other guys felguard
yea cause your rogue
yellow name
rogue
whats other guys name again
that shills demo at every turn
Alive
I feel like this is bad pasta
because its probably fake
nah
weak
good pasta is authentic
hand made in italy
idk what that is
but ill go with it
better than that pasta
is simply saying "Where do I get blazeing signet"
or
"Can someone help w heroic slabs and sv after this"
i sit therte 5 s everytime
pressing button
just in case it didnt resist
and then I cry
we dont talk about that
like if you have amazing epic gems like me in your spellstrike pants
and you want to do in place swap
you might need some amazing epic gems
yea
i think thats all hes saying
pvp gem, green hit gem, mech gem
i did pants because I wear in all sts
including seed set
also pants are long to replace
shoulders I also have a green hit gem
you use oblivion 4 pce and spellstrike.
and cut hit everywhere
its fine
yea mayb
we gem crit now?
is that real
major doubt
yea but vash robes w crit gems
hes implying thats his normal bis
i think that he cooked
mmm cause you just cant get the hit
i alrdy have pvp crit gem in oblivion
o
imagine being a gnome
or human
UA baby
id play UA in SSC fo SHO
mayb if you have ele sham ruin
because im a multi dot god
and ruin is sleeeper
lurker you have down time tho
you jump in water
dot ticks
i think they do
bruh
why you talking about bosses tho
COE raises AOE cap
on these lurker pulls
you want to COE
you should try to work w other locks
to spread COE
before you seed
well chances are you want to wait a bit anyway
yep
laty strats to make melee look better
and then he says bad things about warlocks
marco why did locks do so shit in bakers speed run of kara
are bakers llocks bad
900 dps netherspite
even w no support tho
the dmg is actually cringe bad
like less than tank
yea but i can do netherspite any day and do more than 900 dps on it
seems like lock is bad
doesnt matter the support
Yea^
thats the one I was meaning
noone gets 3 phases
Are you guys actually running hunter comp
in SSC
i want spoiler now
any lock streamer
actually your right
have to watch Laty
for the rage
o no they arent
why my guild keeps talking about atttunement the first boss of kara
we killed that week 1
and nethergon energy
What I would like to see
is the variance
of the sim
for both shadow bolt spam
vs corr
min and max are not variance
and if you think they are
you dont understand math
I dont want maximum variance
I want to know variance
because the variance tells you
what probability of outperforming corr w bolt spam is
it could be 49% of the time bolt outperforms corr
it could be 1%
min and max are not variance
you can google variance if you are confused because you dont know math
variance is stdev squared
its the min and max value
of dps
you can achieve
Standard deviation is more like the average window of DPS you will see with X probability
yes
out of how every many iterations
you chose
right and having standard dev (or variance) is a way you can justify
not hard casting corr
which feels bad
ye
we have the graph on fight club sim
its p trivial to add it
wow is math test
i think zephs sim shows some analytics actually
well
the thing is
mages go fire in SWP
mayb
which means not much dps loss
but
yea even just the loss to spriest
is probably not covered
but you could run 1 shadow 3 fire or something
but yea I dont think its likely we do fire in SWP
idk why  jpaint hammers fire is bis in SWP argument
when he knows its probably not worth the dps loss
1 shadow on its own is like 60% + ISB

this good
did I forget anything
verdant sphere
is neck
i didnt
but  uhh
i might drop fang yea
is there anything im actually forgetting tho
yep
boe pattern
need nether
whereas boots of blasting
insanely rare pattern
that I dont wanna buy
sextant?
or inner calm
sextant is bis on some fights
and ppl underestimate power of rtrinket swaps imo
inner calm works but probably not that good
-1k threat per crit
so your seed crits
are somewhat mitigated
i put it dead last for a reason
nah melee crits are shit
its supposed to be like -100 threat melee crits
-1k threat spell crits
not sure if confirmed
eh
rather have boots of blasting
and noone wants shifting nightmare
I removed it
also
I can jus make FSW
im unlikely to drop tail either
I never care about getting the bis for the phase
only thing that matters to me is items that last
sunking neck is 1 phase item
if you dont have it you just spellthread prio
so w.e
ye
and belt of blast is good long time too
boots too p good
spellthread is the neck next phase
off ROS
that too
we have no bot here
to link items
mods are sleep
i ran soft res pugs until I got it
there was a time
long ago
that ppl literally told me I was dumb for wanting fetish that bad
:p

cob is for ppl that couldnt find purple
GCD fix?
someone test
also why me grey
ðŸŒ½
jpaint
go on mage
test GCD
also
fix this grey shit
Who's winning atm
Wf race
Also why am i grey
Jwipe
?
Ungrey me
You bastards
I used TLC
on Tidewalker
seemed to work
ungrey me
2.5% of my dmg
also warlock easily topped overall dps
seems to be the case in most speedruns to
I wouldnt risk it on leo
Leo is literally the easiest boss
dont slow your guild griefing with nether prot experiment
for no reason
im kinda warming up to invisible name
abuse
mages do have invisible
spell
I think Dive gave me invisible
to spite me
but invisble kinda owns
should I use curse of reck on vash
she multi shots ppls for 10k
I used this as justification to not CoR
am I bad
o shit
well you can just demo
why would you CoW
o mage
been tested
doesnt proc iirc
no
did you kill the bosses hannu
well thats cause you bad
you use the maulgar belt
and put a blue gem in it
big stam
or you be like me never get maulgar belt but get this cord of screaming terrors
and put blue gem in it
o
i could do that too actually
I have second helm
I just blue gemmed my bracer of havok
because its simplest strat for prog
on simple boss
that you just want to kill
and move on
LOL
i just blue gemmed my havok bracers
since hav pvp bracers now
but second T4 helm is smart too
stam SP?
your tank
stam good
probably private server boomers that vehemently deny the existence of fir lock
i doubt they cared to swap gear
more important things to focus on
were they?
I didnt see wulfgar swap gear much
its pretty troll if you accidentally have seed set on on a boss
because speed pulling
they also
skipped the trash
that you would get most value of seed set ffrom
the lurker trash
only a few packs are aoe capped right
also
you kill skull X first
and then arent aoe capped
I think seed set is the main reason I beat other locks
on overall
like standard strat is nuke priestess
you can seed a bit eraly
but priestesses die
and you are still aoeing
its not aoe capped > 1-2 mob ST
its aoe capped for 1 mobs HP and then not aoe capped
lol
what
bro thats not what I said at all
theres other people in your raid
they smash the priestess first
thats literally
what everyone does
I feel like your just making dumb arguments now
trying to justify not getting seed set
if you run w 0 melee 0 hunters and are all just seeding at aoe cap
sure
but if not
you are just kinda making up weird statement
you arent aoe capped until the last 2 mobs
thats just not true
Have you done the raid
they didnt even kill this trash
i mean bakers nukes skull first
and then seeds
not that I like bakers
but your idea
that only dad guilds do that
is ffalse
also
it doesnt fucking amtter if you seed on pull or not
you have melee
and hunters
hitting skull
are you even reading
i didnt say that hathos
your literally making up words
skull dies
before other mobs
and so does X
>  you can seed a bit early
>but priestesses die
>and you are still aoeing
LOL
your strawmanning so hard
i wanna show the video of Hathos seeding on pull everry pack no fetish
as well
you would AT LEAST put up a few COE
because COE increase aoe cap
regardless
it doesnt change my argument
seed on the pull
SKULL AND X
STILL DIE
FIRST
he needs the caps
hes having trouble
reading
okay now hes talking about improved drain soul
LOL
see you later bro
mayb respond to my statement that skull and x die first
instead of dodging
improved drain soul
what an argument
bye
guy in my raid no seed set
avg hit 2k

me w seed set
avg hit
2.3k
i argued w logic
and data
you argue with
improved drain soul
gl man
reality agrees with the theory crafted results. Speedrunners not swapping on a set is not a proof of anything.
why
i dont udnerstand the average cast dmg
no
you just look average hit
average hit is average hit on each mob
seems fine
idk why that is bad data
I dont care about anecdotal data. If anyone has some anecdotal data that would be helpful.
also improved drain soul means you can seed on the pull
everyone spec aff
if anyone has any anecdotal data  of warlocks seeding on the pull and never ripping aggro
that would be helpful
it literally takes a few seconds just for the mobs to even get on the consecrate
skull is like 3/4 dead by the time a consecrate even ticks on the small mobs
anyways im done lol
hes aff  so hes aoe capped at even less mobs
than a destro is
so mayb its just affliction brain things
he used imp DS as an argument
nope
not taking any more bait bro
I showed logs
you did not
lol
no I havent lol
I dont even know your guild
nah
yes
they stack
as long as my seeds hit for more than ppl not wearing seed set
ill use seed set
what guild
lol
your trolling
pretty obvious
bye
i was in fight club 2 years before classic came out lol
disc is ruined after classic release
pserver disc
it basically died when it got invaded by plebs
in classic
and most of the smart ppl
stopped posting
or post in private channel now
they have new privaate disc now
trru
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/character/us/earthfury/hathos?zone=1007&new=true

This is what he linked for his logs LOL
ive never EVER heard of this guild

0 results in fight club
just a lying troll
just like how he says hes rank 1 world
mayb dont make up lies about me
saying that I talk shit about your guild countless times
when its a guild that I have never even heard of
I have nothing to hide
Your the only one trying to throw out personal attacks
and also accusing me of them at same time
i wouldnt use MOTC
searing pain gives huge threat regardless
use a good trinket for the fight
hes only demon half the fight
I think demo isnt a great prog spec
Healers worrying about other things
Its basically healer tax
To play demo
progress ran fire mages
noones really sure why
but the locks cast shadow bolts
mayb copying the top guild isnt the smartest idea
when your not speedrunning in your dad guild
I think they did fire mages for burst AOE
and arcane mana issues on speedrun
gz man
13.2 k on seed iirc
but actually lower
because of troll bug
you just need to know the pace
to know where you want swaps
its p easy to manage in non speedrun
are yall really arguing about what consititutes a dasd guild
BRO
MY GUILD IS MORE DAD THAN YOU
WE HAVE LITERALLY 30 CHILDREN
ACROSS OUR RAID GROUP
HOW MANY KIDS YOU GOT
NOT EVEN DAD BRO
sheeeeit brothas got grandpa guild
dont talk shit about pain supp
pain supp is dop
think your NR tank just isnt well geared for the fight
you dont just stack NR forever
you can transition early
@bbq / tl419 feral or warrior
you cant block hydross so you should be dual wield tanking it
idk threat really shouldnt be problem mayb hes over gearing NR
sure if you get a string of nice crits
you might have to shatter
dont be cringe
this has actually happened
where ppl fucking tag me in mage disc to come argue w  kenneth
and then we just agree because kenneth argues from extremely hardcore standpoint that doesnt apply to most ppl
resto and prot warr handles healer
away from raid
around the pillar
LOS of the other mobs
we dont tongus
they just deal w it over in corner
far away from us
1 resto
1 prot
no rogue
no tongues
waste of lock
fuck that shit alex
pointless
lol
omega cucked
because your kickers have grandpa reactions
boomer strats
I mean killing the shaman is top prio
Ppl care too much about tongues that does nothing
Its not
Lol
Havent gone tk
You upset that using tongues is useless so you google my parses to attack me personally lol
Cringe bro
We wiped bc tank had to drag way firther to make it swap
And he was greedy w stacks
On ptr it swapped earlier for us
Than it did on live
Ye
tru
progress and Noobs both ran fire mages
you know the 2 top guilds of vanilla
Noobs ran fire locks
but yea I mean there is some disadvantages to fire lock on pure speedrun, it was kinda weird progress ran fire mages but not fire locks
that siad, current top speed run is Noobs, with fire locks ðŸ™‚
so you know
you were wrong yea?
I never really did shill for that
also
top speed run is fire locks
do you not read
you were kinda wrong right?
Noobs

this one
LOL
I never really shilled fire lock for speed runs
Noobs was top of Naxx why wouldnt they be top speed run here
lol
gets proven wrong
says rigged logs
massive copium papadum
you REKT yourself
I never even shilled fire lock speedrun
your being delusional now
Papadum?
you can read convo thorin
use eyes
"how many top guilds used fire mage " " the two top ones"
"ok how about fire locks" "the top speed run used it"
"thats a fake rigged log"
"stop shilling fire lock speedrun which you never even did"
lmao
go away
i never even shilled fir lock for speedruns it has some disadvantages there specifically
I imagine most top guilds will run shadow
lol what
you asked for logs
you got rekt
now your saying they dont matter
kek you read them
???? ok dude
I think its pretty clear you were wrong
didnt know Noobs ran fire locks
its fine
walk it back
thats not a random clear
that is THE fastest speedrun atm
of both SSC AND TK
we arent talking abbout trash skips
lmao
this name
mages are MAD
and HORNY
post pics of locks beating mages



imagine losing to fury
couldnt be us boys
we are KING

CHAD KINGS
noone attacked you
imagine trying to attack my guild lmao
we just a bunch of homies pplaying game we dont really go try hard
never speed run
dont require ppl to min max much
but we got like 50 ppl who are just friends and dont quit
ðŸ™‚
last two bosses are hard for us
lmao
ok ill tag you in 1 week
your once again coming at me. I thought you said I "badmouth" you and your guild and asked to not be personally attacked last time
you gonna keep being delusional?
because your mad ppl dont agree with you about a seed set
LMAO
he says I badmouth his guild and then runs away when asked for proof
once again hes ran away
??? you are just trying to argue with me about shit I never said man
why are you tagging me asking me to "stop shilling fire lock in speedruns"
lmao
i didnt do this
your just being delusional
trying to have a "gotcha" m,oment
the "gotcha" was the top guild from vanilla also has top speedrun NOW with fire locks
you rekt yo self fool
lmao
ok bro
cope cope cope
I dont think we will see much fire lcoks in speedruns
but the fact that there are SOME
still proves you wrong
lmao
cope cope cope
you rekt yo self man
just walk away
stop tagging me trying to "gotcha" me
yep
yea ofc
they skipped all the trash
yea you gotta stop man
1. noone shilled fire lock for speedrun anyway
2. Noobs is top guild with top speed time
just step back bro
i duno
ask them
mayb they had some issue going for world first
mayb they wanted the speedkill
ah ok
its just copium
o yea ppl will beat it
eh
mayb they just dont care about prog
and never have
who
even cares
like if all speedruns are shadow locks next week it really doesnt matter to me
i dont think you should be speaking for anyone in a top guild tbh.
no offence meant but
you just dont know at all
and shouldnt speculate so much
what have I speculated?
what claim am I making
bullshit bro you already came at me three times
I said you shouldnt speak for top guilds
yea leave, because I havent made any speculations or claims at all
k bro
dont care
grizzly?
probably be like a month before we see real speedruns
beef bar is running splits
alrdy
beef bar lock stack ownage
so close too
to beating progress
yep
locks are KING
this phase
arc mages might beat us sometimes
locks still the best class to stack
yea xelrog your just seeing their splits
if its on speed category, it isnt their skip run world first
https://tenor.com/view/machoman-macho-king-nod-wwe-gif-5263465
for all we know Noobs didnt even try to speedrun
they coulda just done dungeon
and accidentaly got first
point is, at least 1 top guild from vanilla is using fire lock
which ppl said would not be the case
and papadums tried to dunk me for
accidentally scored on him self
and said Noobs isnt a good guild
ok
lol
w.e gets you through the day
helps you sleep
cope cope cope
kekw
true
lmao
number 1 naxx number 1 ssc but o their TK is #22
no guilds are top performing
by Papadums definition
what makes you a top performing guild
in your opinion
LOL
TRUE
that doesnt make Noobs a non top performaing guild
literally
noone would ever say that
yur BIG COPIUM rn man
i gotta go
pce
no
it doesnt
lol
progress was insanely efficient skips
yea for sure theres a difference
but NO SKIPS will be the primary category I think
after this first week
of prog
noone knows
just a buncha ppl speculating
and trying to make them look bad
when they are literally number 1 naxx top 5 T4
papadums just got owned and is trying to copium his way out
all I did was point out that at least one good guild IS using fire locks
because he made the claim that is not the case
true bro
we got vash to 5%
idk
we  found some things to do better on
pala freedom
some ppl dps
lol
my guild probably spent more consumes in a single week
than the cost of 1 pattern
ye
boots dont really
matter much
unless you are fire lock guild
kinda I mean shadow lock just use FSW boots
sure
but tiny
you can drag slots into your screen
with item rack
its like control click or something
yo I want them legs on my arms
i have it higher than any hunter on wish list too
its marco
odaal said you guys run hunter stack because bakers locks arent good
what do you say
its kinda small upgrade I thougyht no?
am i wrong
pipe is own
i also got a remote
and we have seen 2 mounts alrdyu
nvm 3 mounts
it tps you to guzzler
and then you can drop group
and get hearth
basically second hearth stone
kinda own
FSW chest over T4?
how much better is it
im swap shadow soon
I have the mag gloves
o but mayhem doesnt press immolate probs
sims shadow bolt spam rotation
doent moving during ICD actually buff quag
just depends if you move during a quag window or not
yea
its just kinda weird
yea I mean you might have to move while your actives are rolling to
i guess so
yea
like what fight
for example
do you think favors double active
they all depend how you do the fight
Hydross you get a proc early
45 sec icd
transition usually happens in that time
for us
and then its back off
for next phase
it depends on your timings
thats why I say they all kinda depend
not always
quag proc with everything rolling in lust
is just better
if you arent getting bad procs
right
hence why I said
it depends on your timings
how you do the fight
some guilds will never have issue with quag proc during transition
others will
again depends on fight and the mechanics in question
i tihnk generally speaking
your right
but
its not so black and white
no
they do fix stuff
they are just incompetent
and break other shit
and dont realise it
kek
thanks bliz
warlock fun is illegay
remember
landslide?
o locks have a farm?
destroy it
mage boost
i sleep
respec bug noone uses
fixed insta
mage gcd
fuck it
tru
fix
gcd
totem stomp macro nerf seemed mean
i have heard that if you make a very clear concise post proving that its bug
they fix
Idk if anyone ever did for mage GCD
but you know
if ppl want them not to take our haste gear
someone could :p
im not actually sure
whats better
mage stays arcane if GCD unfix
or they go fire if GCD fix
they still take haste gear either way
(in SWP)
we would need to find
a mage popping alot of haste buffs
and show the cap
or something
no
i mean
we need proof of OG TBC
GCD cap
obviously its easy to show the 0.75 in game RN
we need to prove 1 s gcd
in OG
yea
I mean it helps
to have concrete proof
ye I mean
if you want them to pay attn and fast track something
I have heard this is the way
othrewise they just doing random shit
like Magey on fight club gets shit fixed fast
he posts github
with really good evidence
developers eat that shit up
n
he said w/o 4 pce?
warlck tank parse category for Leo when
lol
yea human form lasts 1 minute
so if you always doom when he goes human
you get perfect timing
lol idk
i wasnt reading
you talking hydross
?
doubt
must be bad destros
if your doing same dmg as them
as aff ruin
tbf
he pumps
but
still not matching destro

you casted more bolts
as aff
than any of your destros
on VR
VR I guess you get pushback right
so insta casts a bit strnoger
but still destro should cast more bolts
fusion â¤ï¸
ooo
nice
im liking TLC on tidewalker
2%+ dmg

I got the remote!
its actually so sick
insta tp to vendor and can ghetto hearth with it
fusion does 2 mage nova
with their feral helping bring to center
i think baron just smashes into the novaed mobs
not aoe taunt
like swipes and shit
tranq is neat
however pala healing works fine too
if your healers do throttle
2x mage nova thing is alot safer tho
well
it stacks in the sense that
it applies
AFTER EVERYTHING ELSE
so its only 75% off the last bit of armor
the boss has
if it applied first boss would be 0 armor
eh
it should be
but alot of warriors still fury prot vanilla mindset
taking unbridled wrath
which adds basically 0 threat
actually
my bad
thats dps warrs
prot warrs
wouldnt take it
because they typically dont go into fury tree
usually you make fury or arms do imp demo
ideally fury because they have more open GCDs
fire gets better if you add more mages
hey llover boy
you gotta bait better than that
yea ok duude
this is the likely reason yea
i mean you need to brain
and use another curse
to wipe it
if you doom and rip
and dont just overrwrite
you give us locks bad name
it means
mage smol
warlock king
it was once lmao
lol thats some weird copioum statements
we dont have to beat mages this phase
we arent supposed to beat them this phase
the fact that we are is just pure funny
3 hit 3 crit
totems stack
but saying weird shit like "if we had all this extra support we might beat them" is kinda cringe tbh
we already win
i mean they are fine with little support
on short fights
they fall flat on long fights
thing is the main supports arcane needs
is kinda alrdy in raid
1 vate 1 tide 1 spriest
most raids can easily give this
brruh
you know why you being disingenuous
you dont run 2 ele
you dont cuck bm hunter's support (enhance/feral/etc)
for your own
your trolling
that said
alot of groups probably double lust their locks
over mage group
technically
should swap mage in for lusts
but getting double lust alone could put you ahead of arc mage
like all of them
mayb not on vash
or KT
but outside of 2 fights
vate should be easy to give mage
well yea
fire is better for average guild prog
mages wont tell you that on mage disc
but its pretty obviously true
no
solarian is tiny amount of AOE
two seeds kill them
tidewalker is AOE capped
well those are mages being disingenuous just like Xelrog
making troll arguments
it just makes us look cringe like mages tho
becuase pinned tab is trolling
i think that shit is really old
not sure what your reading
yes you do
lol
xelrog man
do you just make stuff up

your so often saying wrong things, and you say them like they are 100% fact
theres absolutely 10+ mobs in hyjal waves
10-12
mayb lower if you have high SP and demonic sac succ
Kill yourself
And soul stone
While he emotes
Tap to 0 hellfire suicide
It does
well they did put a fix in for encahnting rings and then dropping it
but
they probably wont change tailor BoP items
that dont require tailoring
meh isnt it still bigger upgrade for lock
pala doesnt use hit
pala gets T6 prio
I mean they use hit
not exactly big for them tho
pala scales better with spellpower?
how so
none of their skills have coeffs
that are good
I mean its just lower than lock scaling tho
why are you saying they scale better off SP
ye prot pala can have trash mace too
is crusade even good
80 spellpower
ppl barely use mark of the champion @ 150 spellpower
over quag
err right
so its 85 SP
so crusade is basically MOTC -5SP
i guess its probably good
gz
ill keep using seed set as long as my seeds on logs are doing more dmg than ppl arent
some ppl meme that lurker trash is aoe capped and its not worth but I am always top dmg on that trash so shrug
yes
try to explain this concept to Hathos tho
what matters is the % of time your using seed vs ST spells, not really the number of targets
yea sure
but what trash pack
even has just 4 targets
like a few TK packs
yea something like that
I swap other gear too
like you should have trash set
less hit
!cataclyms
!cataclysm
wahts the command
:clowntaclysm:
but im warlock
and number 1
over good fury
how

HIldi
is it a bug
pretty sure it IS better
but the imp will just die too
Imp + Ruin beats FG + no Ruin
I think
aassuming the imp actually lives
it just dont work
stacks dont remomve
yea your destros are just bad mate

whats 1100/1500
your doing 73% of a destro in this log
yea true he is a weak troll
just dont feed the meme
kekw
if you have affli outdpsing destro
you play with bad players
nufff said
max parse results
aff isnt good
if you match destro with aff
your destros
are not good
its just facts
yes
do you

max parse
99th percentily
they all show the same thing
this haasa nothing to do with outliers
if you match destro with affliction in your guild
your destros are bad
thats a fact
kek my logs are up I have given you my toon name before
pls feel free to compare us in 2 diff raids to try to feel better
about your spec
your locks are bad bro


Heezzy is me
kekw
I played affli one time, didnt have shadow gear and got 99s
affli is easy mode parse
noone is palying it in good guilds
so its reallly easy to "pump" as affli
you just spec and press button and you get parse
literally didnt use brain at all didnt siphon around ISB
I just pressed dots and bolt
got a 99
as affli
simple non competitive dps class
kekw
so many bad afflis padding the bottom
good thing you have 0 credibility
i posted my parses bro
toons name is right there
Heezzy
for the third time you have asked me
LOL
scroll up BRO
your farmed
btw
spoiler alert
also no doom for any of those parses
curse of reck
and tanking leo
and still farm you
easily
see you next time you try to argue about my parss next week
o yea im being disingenuous its defs worth in some raids
but its not true that it does 90-110% dps of a destro
as hathos claims
he just plays with bad destros
and sometimes gets close to them
and copiums that hes some god of his spec
wait your linking kara
lmao
I have ffull 99s in kara lkmao
I just dont try hard
we dont make comp wwe make spits for loot
your salty
and it shows
lol
your farmed hathos
i shit
all over you
every day
hes linking his kara logs
your farmed bro
take a bench
you dont
kekw you are so sensitive bro
the fact your triggered is so obvious
you wanted my parses
got owned
linked kara
lmao
farmed bro
this is the third time hes asked for my parses
and linked his kara parses
third time
your farrmed bro
your destros are bad
see yea
Agreed. As many here say, an affliction warlock is often not worth it if they are doing 70-80% the dps of a destro warlock. And that is true. At that point, they are dead weight. However, it is my belief that an affliction warlock can do 90-105% the dps of a destro warlock, if played right, making them more than worth it for malediction (and maybe shadow embrace down the road).
he still calls himself a 100 parser because of affli parses in kara kekw
I got a 100 on my alt arms warrior in kara
im 100 parser
put in on your wall
hes in thorins guild
they high on copium
https://tenor.com/view/farm-farmer-farming-pizza-nick-offerman-gif-5336355
me
farming
hathos
honestly tho
warlock parses
dont really show skill
hence why I didnt want to link my parses to him for third time
its cringe argument
i mean you press 2 or 3 buttons its really really easy  to play lock
you play with bad destros
yep
look at raid dps, look at affli dps
do math
dps in wow isnt math bro
its RNG
yea so thats just something you account for
with math
they have
i agree
it doesnt mean affli is good tho
it just means it does well in that riad
against ppl who are playing poorly as destro
your guildy disagrees with you @Hathos
you said aff can do 100% of destro dps
yerra we dont shill for forcing specs here
if someone wants to play affli
its close enough
that just let em play it
but we dont let ppl spread lies that affli dps = destro dps
i actually like affli
I would play affli if I wasnt stuck tanking Leo
but im not delusional about aaffli
or my performance as affli
calling myself number 1 world because of kara parses
or a "100 parser"
i mean
how can you be bad at destro
its just consumes
and presing buttons
i agree
ppl play whatever they want
jjust dont be delusional about a specs performance when there is clear evidence of how a spec works in logs
and dont try to turn argument into dumb kara parse dick measure contest everytime you are shown to be wrong
!kennether
!kenneth
PHONE TETHER
AND SWIPE
If your still no bowiz
Your just shitter
Stormcaller lmao
Imagine you dont get prebis weapon for whole phase because raid weapon better
And never get raid weap
Wat
Lmao
Thats cringe argument
Yes
Moonkin loses alot of value vs just bring anpther lock too but dont see you shilling to drop a moonkin
You take moonkinfor personal parsing then say atiesh not worth
Dont think it is actually
But yea you see. You assume moonkin is worth but try to shill that atiesh isnt
Thats why its cringe
Your bias is showing
no you should be using mana pot in P2 because your dmg shouldnt be that important that you need destro
destro if you get behind
but otherwise just mana pot
to save healer mana
for prog at least
for max dps you destro yea
yea if you need the extra burst to kill the strider but you should kill strider no destro
using mana pot is just safer and conserves healer mana
for prog on P3
its not better for dps
k
still kinda just wasting destros for dmg that doesnt matter
but yes destro is better for parses
well for ppl who are progging P3 it matters - save your destro pot for P3 lust and use mana pots to calm down your phase 2 if its hectic
i agree
depends how your doing
yea
destro if you need damage
mana if you want to conserve healer mana and be safe
ya tru
we have double ele so one ele tranquils us
and the other ele kites
and we can open up on the rip
lock kite seems like dps loss but shrug
noones making you mana pot bro
but destro pot is useless if your P2 is clean without it
i know its hard to understand that playing for prog sometimes means you just do things to help the raid
without being forced to
you use brain
thanks for your cringe take
"healers making you mana pot cringe bro"
lmao
some ppl are so fucking retarded
tru
yea your still retarded because mana pot doesnt help you do more dmg just saves healer mana
we get it you cant read
and dont have brain
keep pumpin bro
brain
dead
now he tries to take a jab at "my healers" bro your too retarded to insult ppl
o pls
phase 3
it takes 2 to tango
rude
im good man
I dont want no rogue color name
cringe
this is a fancy way of saying my class cant maintain its rotation because of resource problems ðŸ™‚
arcane mage gameplay is pretty neat
but its funny how mages said they would just blast all these fights w no fillers
based on nothing
their sims that justify playing arcane frost instead off arcane fire assume very little filler usage
because 3 minute fight
but then they have 25% frost bolt cast
losing to locks on dps
and thinkin their spec choice is correct/optimal
hey ho the mage are dedd
jk
https://tenor.com/view/ding-dong-the-witch-is-dead-wizard-of-oz-gif-11908955
no sadge
0.4% vashj
my guild not that great man but we doing fine alot of ppl havent kill vash
we did worse in naxx by a long shit
Im not too worried about it well get em
its joke krymer
loool
mage and priest discord champions have fallen
who will fall in lock disc
I vote jpaint
but im not mod
so how can I fall
yea you even asked me this directly
like a week ago
write your math pls
Id like to see the math
that justifies ffire
on 3 locks
im not pouncing
id just like to see it
go to hell ðŸ™‚
wait so you mean the ancient math we did when sims were super scuffed?
when mage sim didnt even have partial resists and a bunch of other problems
yea and the sims you ran to justify that were completley dog
we cant really still be pointing to those sims
as justification
I dont think thats the case I cant remember everything that changed on mage sim
but I think that that analysis is really dated man
well at this point its been like 5 months with no update on the math
mayb more than that
is that what im supposed to find in newbie questions?
because I dont find that
I feel like if there was up to date math using relevant sims on this topic you would have pointed me there by now
so seems like there isnt
well yes I can do it, but theres 2 ppl here claiming they have math that justifies 3 lock comp with fire
So I asked for said math
because Id like to see what assumptions they are making
I mean mage sims dont agree that its a mere 100 dps loss
so like
how is that fact
yea and it wont add up to a win on 3 locks
if we take quas numbers
they do yes
so hannu it sounds like you have done no math
you dont even know anything about mage sim
sometimes they assume IV sometimes no that dpeends
are you talking vate or veins
veins is a 3 minute cd man
do you assume you have trinkets up for a fight?
its same shit
you dont want to make arguments for trash Hannu
thats not gonna be a win
lol
yea thats not gonna be good for arcfire bud
mages having 2x veins every few minutes is gonna shit on arc fire overall trash
thats not the way you wanna take this arguument
nvm I dont wanna hear your arguments lol
I just thgouht you had math
you dont
its called math hannu says
then he goes off about veins and mana on trash
alot of shit matters if your tryna make an analysis of what is better  for your raid
but what your givin me right now hannu
this aint it
its not trolling to ask someone who said they did math
ffor that math
for all I know they actually did some
stop taking shit from 6 months ago personally still ryu
noones saying you gotta go do math
but pointing to 6 month old shit IS  a copout
bruh
hannu says he did math
he didnt
he doesnt have a secret kenneth spreadsheet
thats clear
the biggest issue is deciding what an acceptable fight length to sim for is
you also have the issue of things like Vash where they have to apply scorch over and over again
vs just blasting
and Alar ofc
well some do
that depends on your raid
but the argument is that fire raid dps gain is lost on vash because your making a mage spend half his time pressing scorch
on lurker they will argue they just sheep and regen mana in add phase
on alar I mean the issues are obvious
tidewalker is very strong fight for arc frost
I mean its logical for a mage to just sheep an add and spend more time regenning
yes it is
does he actually come up faster
if you kill adds
if we kill adds fast it just seems we get down time
we are only hung up here because your getting hung up on it
we could move forward in the convo if you werent accusing me of trolling
for asking for math
so I asked for some evidence. Answer is we dont have anything relevant.
we can move on
dont need to dwell here
alright bro
well from what I saw in Quas math, he assumes 3 minute fight and arcfrost barely wins out on a 3 fire lock 1 shadow lock sim
this means that no, arcfire will not win with 3 fire locks
and no shadows
now you can go forwrad in this convo by arguing that we should sim for 4 minutes instead of 3 or something
but the difficulty is justifying fire when a mage is having to scorch many times in a fight
its hard to justify that fire is actually better on Vashj
or
alar really puts a dent in things as well
see the thing is , I am not trying to justify that
and I dont think I can
but ppl here claim fire is justified based on dated patchwerk sims
that have in fact been debunked and a significant rebuttal was presented
mage is winning on overall last I checked hannu
bby less than expected
but they are winning

yea we can go on forever in this rabbit hole
you have never even opened mage sim
I dont think this will be productive discussion
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/zone/statistics/1010#aggregate=amount&dataset=99
Heres max parse to reject the claim of Curse of Doom

bruh your assuming top parse is full bis for mage and lock has 0 gear
shit argument
top mage gear is not full bis

he has 4 pce
and SCB
he did get 3 vates on void reaver tho
i mean this discussion shouldnt be based on max parses
it should be based on your raid dps
best performing lock gear

not really but they will claim that 1 vate each is enough
and that is what is assumed hannu
their argument will be that they dont need vates to cast no filler, or just 1 vate
and then they will link like
a cherrypicked log
that shows this is the case
an arcfire will also do just fine tho
and if you are casting a significant amount of filler
arcfire is surely better
bruh thats what we been discussing
for like
1 hr
and I have been being devils advocate for mages
ignore anythnig xelrog says
xelrog
what is the haste cap in lust
for mage
with gcd fix
its ok we know you dont know xelrog
its 242 haste
which you dont get in T6 gear
at least not BT gear
they will just space out their CDs
and not do IV + lust
its a dps loss
they basically lose AP for 2 casts or something
because they cant stack cds anymore
I mean its a loss hannu
but its not a huge loss
it is however enough to say we should probably get skull over them
and that arcane probably doesnt want much haste gear
theyll just go fire in SWP tho
yea this just solidifies that a bit
but yea the big changes for mages from gcd fix are mainly in SWP
where they likely favor fire now
and take even more haste gear ffrom us
its kind of a big L
is copium
hehe
its such a mess man
shadow good in T6
but mages will be fire
so fire good
but like fire vs shadow is probably small in T6
to the point that
your probably griefing your spriest
to be fire in SWP
what IM curious about tho is how ppl who currently shill fire lock reconcile issues with scorching on vashj
or KT
or lurker
not about what is in T6
1 gcd vs 5 casts
well we can saay we arent doing speedrun
for this discussion
and ignore that for now
this isnt an issue we can just avoid by changing specs either
try another argument
that aint it
what IM curious about tho is how ppl who currently shill fire lock reconcile issues with scorching on vashj
or KT
or lurker
not about what is in T6
even solarian can have some sisues with scorch and slightly favor arcffrost for mage personal because of the aoe phases
in that example yes
solarian is weak tho
id rather focus on vash
because that fight is actually important
an arcane mage can dump all his burst in P3, and a fire loses tons by scorching P2
arcane is pretty solid on vashj
vs arc fire
like fire is barely winning if you  assume 4 min + patchwerk fight
and 4 lock
its really hard to justify scorch bot on fights that dont conform to the patchwerk thing and make mages scorch over and over again
like vash striders
so is AB with 2 pce
this would be the argument tho
mana
because they oom in P2
however
they can then argue P2 doesnt matter you kill all adds anyway
so they will just pool mana in P2 to blast P3
and arcfrost shits all over arcfire for blasting P3
i think a 2 min p 3 where mage drops all CDs
is gonna shit all over fire lock
sadly
they have enough mana
because P 2 dps doesnt matter
they just chill
i mean this is the way the argument will go
and yes a mage can last 2 minutes
well the argument is P2 dps doesnt matter
so scorching P2 doesnt matter
and then in P3
arcffrost will be better raid dps
than fire
raid
arcfrost is gonna shit on 4 lock arcfire in a 2 minute phase 3
the argument is that raid dps only matters in the final phase
if you kill p2 fast enough you dont need a mage to dps
who cares its bugged log
2 spriests is omega grief
for ISB
Its funny because demo better
im shadow tonight
do I change my spec at all



rekt
what about T4 4pce vs 3 pce mag gloves
i think I like TLC on this fight
2% dmg
consistently

of course sir
shadow sac is just grief here
so aoe capped
Basically cata spec bolt spam outsims immolate bolt fire talents
But
Thats only because pw sim
If you have free taps immo wins
If immo ticks while you move its also not shown on sim
If you turn on infinite mana on sim you can see this
Alot of these fights you get tons of free tap
#deleted-channel
Or search for hildi sim
Im mobile mayb someone has link
Crix has video on spec
But I think he got jebaited I dont think ots actually that good
Free taps mean immolate good
Even corr good
Yea
Idk why
Its always annoying to find
Havent seen much pala tanks
Yea
Seens like most guilds just do lock
Its better threat man
no but its basically 800+ SP
on your seeds
haste gem
o
bleh
i cba to figure out that gem nonsense so I said crit good
haste ooms you faster
yea but on seed trash its pretty relevant
more seeds > less seeds
First demon phase comes 1 min after human start
So safe doom is like 20sinto human phase
20s into human phase should always be safe
If you doom during demon phase
You risk WW
Fucking you
Well
I shattered while tanking it
Pog
Id doom like 15 s after start just for safe transition
If you transition at 100% doom on pull will fuck you
But yes id doom w my shit popped
Ooo
Then move after doom?
Pog
Jpaint once again you are farmed on parses
But vashj and kt are not farmed
Sadge
Yall never saw how bugged kara was on beta
Clearly
I think if aran farmed your guild in first kara like he farmed ppl on beta youd be more concerned
And nightbane magic immune adds
Hiz blizz was fix tho
Sure
iirc the skeles never had both immolate aura AND magic immune
these were two different mechanics
smashed into one
so you could call it bug
fire mage wants vash chest
taking actual fire mage
is trolling for sure
rip bro
you didnt put it number 1?
your fucking up
its bis til sunwell
yea thats so sad
he should just be arc fire
hes literally gonna get vash chest
and do dog dps
because hes fire
if hes arc fire
dont let him steal vash chest
its not even bis
it was cjay holding the buster  blade
yea these purples dont put respec on da name
Wowhead mage guide has vash chest
But its a false bis
boots of blasting can be a small / non upgrade
if you have hit heavy gear
it doesnt mean they arent bis
yea true he says hes hit capped
but hes almost surely using hit gems
lol
im not sure if its that good
seems a little simplistic
fetish lets me seed right on the pull
I dont think not fetishing and happening to not crit
is just gonna mean I dont rip
the logic that "only crits rip aggro"
is kinda questionable
o i think its a good trinket
but its probably not enough to completely ignore threat as a mechanic
and be degen
thats nice to hear
it probably owns then
I push like 5K on fetish packs
feels good
ppl talk shit about seed set but as long as im beating ppl on seed packs every week
im using it
Selling vortices over upgrading your raid is probably smart for future but idk its kinda cringe to me
Ye
Thats why I said its prolly smart
But its kinda cringe/lame too
how you guys doing lust
our guild wants to 5 lust tanks
seems cringe
yea
truuu
Jpaint disconnected from reality because he runs caster stack
Also disconnected from loot pog
Yes
I dunno its pretty monka to play fire in t5
Its like strongest mage patch of all time
And insted you take lock bis til sunwell loot to be mediocre
They are farmed by fury in late wrath
Not top top like now
But sure
That's good time to be mage
Yawn ok dude
They are still top dps by a solic chunk in this phase
And not in late wrath
You understand my point
Rogue topping dps is criminal
Why would yoy want that
Nah
Yes
Not as hard as warr
No
Hathos is a very smart person ðŸ™‚
the uncontrollable haste for mage might not be so great now with arcane and GCD fix tho
145 haste rating is fine actually
they just cant veins during lust which overcaps them anyways
242 haste rating to cap in lust for mage
i had some idiot hunter that routinely accidentally pulled with his pet tell me how he was "World top 50 illidan" back in the day. One day I was talking about how ppl didnt really have a clue back in the day and he got very mad. This guy had no clue how to do hunter rotation either
Some ppl have this crazy chip on their shoulders like they are some ancient god of this game
because they played it a shit ton when they were 16
the way you gt purple is kinda dated meme
would be hard to find now
but you can still figure it out
Why ele sham prio
On sextant
Same
But will they use on bosses? Because I actually will
Well our eles say it sims worse and wont use
All of them
wtf
I trust in paint
sextant > quag
wat
so am I dumb
or is your ele shaman dumb
rude
lol gremmer is clown confirmed
I dont have both threat trinkets - also you would use it because you dont need to wait 30 s to activate it
if you pull fast you cant just swap eye of dim
in hyjal trash you gon wish you had vashj trinket
see you then
why does crix talk about aoeing 6 murlocs on one side
and say its the "correct" strat
yea
yea but its passive and not on a CD
it is bis
by like 1 dps
and then also hard bis for seeding
0 ppl have it even on their wishlist (threat trinket)
I remember I asked about this trinket before TBC and a buncha pserver andies said it was bad
like Fierywind
no
it gets changed
to 1k
in a patch
in the wowhead comments at least

you transmute earthstorm diamonds
and then you get a buddy to cut
and you make alot of gold
relentless earthstorm is just easy free money
compared to like tailoring
o ye
we have some dude who is constantly trading them
and undercuttting them
and he lets us send gems to him
and he just sends back the money he makes
should I go soul leech for vash
we barely not killing it and ppl dying in P3 not getting heals
Ryu should I go soul leech for vash
cringe lol
I dont knowitall
I know some answers
no I dont lol
i just block him
yup
9/10 today at least
copium
hopium
been rough for our guild we havent had our full 25 since first week
some ppl had issues with expanded schedule
this dude got fucking banned
for afk in bg
and we get vashj to like 0.5% with 24 ppl
its depressing
but yea I dont think its actually that bad lots of guilds 8/10
whats the diff between thorrnling root and target dummy
why not just use target dummmys
9/10 boys

vash dead 1 shot
1 shot today at least
think thats mine
too
XD
yes
pog me
SUCK MY
COCK
KRYMER
in it

i have so much hit holy fuck
bruh
i need like
1 million living rubys wtf
yea
i need to kill the otha one
yea ill do that for sure
still need
to get so many living ruby
no crit cloak or crit neck
we havent tried KT at all because we thought vashj would be easier lulw
krymer
suck
my
cock
im a mofucking sea witch bitch
i have no desire to have any social interaction with krymer lol
the shit that man says
p sure hes 14
lol I could server transfer join new guild like you to clear content
but I like my guild
not so worried about being num 1 guild
just playing le game
banned
suck my dick bitch
im a motha fucking sea witch
3 week to kill vash is fine lol
ppl are just desperate to come at me
grasping for anything to hit me with
some ppl sit around and get carried by their guild
some ppl carry their guild
:p
well shadow priest is good in kara speedrun
but hard to fit a fire mage
or a mage at all for that matter
I mean pretending like kara speedrun is solved is pretty monka too
noone really put much effort in
mage PR battle
progress running fire
idk why lol
the next week
the locks played fire
idk why
lol
yea and that level of planning
is better served elsewhere
Hes attackable if you push him during demon
If you push during human hes not attackable
@bbq / tl419
I duno
Bolt spam sims better on long fight where immolate drains your mana
But
If you get free taps you should still immo
wat
Any vestment chads
Lmao
Mages getting vests
Some ppl have such fucked guilds
Noone gets bis because everyone plays wrong specs wanting wrong gear
Thats grief
mages cant handle opposing views without making personal attacks constantly
even the mage mods
lmao
im better than mages in mage discord
for sure
theres shitposting allowed
just not mage posting
true
jpaints is probably most accurate but also most mald to use
hildi is probably least accurate
but least mald to use
and zephan is kinda in the middle
just it being younger sim and least tested
I said its probably least accurate
it makes it likely that it still has more issues than others
but its been around a good bit now
well
they probably in some dumb guild that already took spriests
and already had CoS
debuff cap doesnt change anything if warlocks werent respecting debuff cap to begin with
its not gonna magically make warlocks really strong
you couldnt
but many ppl did
its reddit
depends lol
I played in a dog guild on lock
they never used their debuffs
so corrs werent getting pushed
just depends on guild man
if theres 4 ppl not doing their debuff
4 locks can corr no problem
nah
I still got fight club
and priest disc
but thats like
5th time I been banned by mage disc
diff mod everytime
always same thing tho
mod cant resist making some personal attack
gets called out that they are doing exactly what they tell ppl not to do
cognitive dissonance kicks in and ban
your parses are not gud
also
do you have vestments
unfortunate
twizzle
I got baited into arc fire talk
its fine mages are ded anyway
gcd fix and they not really living up to expectations in T5
before I left tho got a buncha copers from mage disc admitting arc fire prolly better "well be pumping when everyone has T5 bis and killtimes are shorter"
LOL
100 dps higher than warlock
less than they would have hoped
and thats at MAX
if this is all the great arcane powerspike is
they are so farmed in T6
no
no wrong
thats not why I got banned at all actually
once again
mages malding
because they dont like the fax
your names blue
your on mage discord
you constantly try to personal attack
your mage bro
wrong
wait so you just shilling for your personal dps
as a support class?
also we shill for 1 shadow lock
and that is bis
isb from 1 shadow lock is easily most value
for raid dps
shadow priests are just so dumb and dont even know what we shill for
they just get mad because they lose personal parses
literally shadow preist discord
knows NOTHING
about warlocks
have you ever done any math on raid dps? No because your a spriest that doesnt even have a sim bro
your  literally just mad about your personal parses
and saying thats what we are
also one lock doing ISB is like 60% + uptime
you dont need 4 shadow locks
poor spriests
spriest discord talking about warlocks is actually so funny
they just have no clue at all
what fire lock is
just that it lowers their dps
take 1 shadow 3 fire
bis raid dps
no grief to spriest
theres literally never a reason to give spriests any loot either
we loot spriests out of goodness of our heart
just being bros
and they sit around malding about their personal dps
all fucking day
flaming warlocks
this is what its like tho
when your king dick of dps
ppl hate you
same as warrior in vanilla
im cool with the ppl in my guild too
but the discord metas are so aids
haters gonna hate
our spriest gets 99s without ISB and doesnt make copium excuses

looool
the irony
of this statement
read it a few times
ruins our dps
personal parses
4 locks are playing for "personal" parses
that ruin
MY DPS
because im the only one in the raid LMAO
o for sure
theres reasons to play shadow
but not your ST raid dps
Krymer can lick deez
Its not about getting carried by new incel its about giving up on your friends because you are chasing parses
I accept some players in guild drag us down because we friends
We started guild day 1 classic
And I thibk theres sometjing admirable to finishing game together
Some times theres issues because dads cant find time to do good prog or get banned for afking bg
But hey we power thru
If I quit guild I could easily join a buncha vorgin incels that alrdy killed kt
I raid w irl friends too lol
Ye
Social aspect is best part of game not powering down 15 year old content w 25 autists that dont leave home
100% krymer btw
Yep just like your opinion is that your personal dps is raid dps
Lol
Try again bitch
Nothing you say affects me ots all cooked ass crackpot shit
Making up shit about me
Tru
@Blow  do you also shill for raid dps optimizing when zhardoom dropd
Or do you want it to hit haste breakpoint for mindflay tick
That doesnt scale off haste
Its like 0.67 - 0.77 sp per crit rating
Depending on gear
Iirc
For us locks yea
Not for mage spriest unforch
O shiit
Why no sim bro
Warrs have sim
Warlocks have many buttons on sim
Mages have sim
Spriest simming should be easy tbh
Rotation is obvious
Spriests dont want a sim because it would just show they get all contested gear they want last
Yea they might press more buttons but ultimately less rotation options and spec options than lock
Lock sim has to cover 5 pets and like 6 specs
Its just lack of effort
Rets say simming is imppossible
When really they mean simming takes effort
Prob anyone good at math wouldnt play ret or spriest I guess lol
They think a spreadsheet is a sim
They dont understand concept of actual event based sim
Lol wat
Fuck off bro
No im not
Rets said sim is impossible this os fact
Shadowd also dont have sim for some reason
None of this is bullshit
Its all true
Your mad I said mean things about spriest
Im not mad about ban
Sounds legit
I said nothing to the contrary
Like what
Why has literally noone used simc API
If its best option
Never seen a single classic sim using it
Its passion projects some enjoy it. Not as much population playing spriest or ret so less likely someone w skills takes on the task.
But the fact they mald about fire locks when they can take 1 shadow or affli and get huge isb uptime is hilarious
Noone on spriest disc understands this
They just mald
O yes you do
Lol
Its best raid dps and it was last phase too
Unfortunate
Didnt stop the mald
Yrp
I mean its small but theor malding is based on theor personal parses not raid dps lol
Your cooked if you think otherwise
Lol ok mr " you shill for personal parses that ruin my dps"
Coh just snipes chain heal
And makes shamans look worse
Holy priest has a lane and itsnot aoe healing
Let shamans do their job
I dont even know who you are lol
they mocked me said im only 9/10
but im 10/10 rent free in these nobody's minds
my prot plays that in pvp
its actually hilarious because they think hes healer and instead its double dps comp
and they just get one shot outta nowhere
LOL
alls fair in epgp
with those vestments
even better
what trinket
so he got vestments w epgp
but doesnt have
a trinket
wot
yea but he has vestments
now he can go to a better guild
as shockadin w pumper gear
o wait
its established loot
its EPGP
its just bad loot system
not that its not established
its established but thes just shameless
i would never do that
thats just loot council
with extra steps
whats the point in collecting points only for someone to decide I cant buy any good gear with those points
thats worse than loot council
thats just being cucked
by whatever rule they make up
Yea I think those are shit systems
you can disagree
but fucking points + class prios
is just so dumb
so what is a spriest allowed to take in T5 with EPGP points?
say I save all my points
do I get to yoink T5 first?
No
vestments?
no
ok so what can I yoink
astromancer?
what Im saying is that a point system where I cant spend the points freely
is stupid
what are you letting spriests buy w points
in this phase
tier?
I can yoink first tier?
almost surely no
tanks
its contested by both main tanks
even still
ok I get to buy tier
great
poggers
ok so I buy vestments
ok
and then my guild malds
and falls apart
well this is exactly my point
its shit system
okay if you took a shockadin to raid
whats the diff
between him and spriest
i thought you said there would be class prios
and you wouldnt let memes get vestments
then you say the opposite
Friend
a shockadin getting vestments isnt whatever analogy this is
a shockadin actually uses vestments
thats not like a warlock getting spiteblade comon
if hes self declared melee warlock and you let him in raid
then you best let him spend his EPGP
or tell him up front you cant
but no way he stays in guild
the problem is you save points for something you want, and then next phase the guild figures out prios and says ok no you cant have that
and your sitting on a pile of pts
like "wtf"
hahaha â¤ï¸
I got banned in an act of pure hypocrisy by twizzles
as usual
when they ban warlocks
i agree I just prefer the system where you have loot list and express your desired items and LC decides. Rather than a point system that promises some control over your own gear and then kinda just takes taht away with arbitrary exceptions.
I dont want 0 control LC
but I dont like the "false points" shit
where you have points but cant spend because of the made up rules
that creates way more problems IMO
big drama coming
see this is what happens when I get banned
ppl still are toxic
ppl still talk about me
all cringe
and then the mods are still malding
im just not there
you can take a lock out of the cringe mage disc
but you cant take the cringe out of the mage
your 100% projecting here. Saying exactly what ppl told you in the past. Because it hits home.
you spend your days harassing ppl calling them retards online krymer
its unhealthy
im just talking about my hobby
your blocked im not reading lol
paint just left
because of how cringe they were
didnt get banned
cringe drama boys
think I got like 40k on doom spite or something
45k?
You tag me calling me retard if I respod at all its "egging on "lmao
Krymer is retars
Is there any 100% way that capernian doesnt randomly run into center
Demo on mag been like that forever
Your slow
Its succubus demo
Or demo ruin
Top st dps if your succ lives
But generallly considered cheese
Think avidity should read the fight mechanics
Instead of asking here
No he doesnt cleave but you also shouldnt be secobd threat
Unless your risking for parse
Just because sometimes 1 tank dodges doesnt mean its safe
I think pocket watch bis threat trink
On that fight
What do I get if I make it
Kekw its just timer that says jpaint shatter now every 30 sec
You asked if he cleaved bro
This I think
But stabile what you thibk on gearing for avoidance to get threat on that
whats cringe trinkets?
you think its cringe to use pocket watch and shit?
if it makes you hold threat
o I see
I mean I think most tanks would consider it bad
but
I always considered avoidance on that fight and broodlord
to be sleeper strong
tanks put too much emphasis on their threat gearing
I think they should actually figure out the value of avoidance when it means you gain 30% threat on successful avoid
or whatever it works out to be
i think pocket watch is the play
esp if you can track the CD
thats like saying crit is 0 value if you dont crit
yes
2 use for our kill time at least
2 min
if you dodge the first threat drop its bis
for shatter
stabile your the only prot paladin that does this "tps"
on pull or whatever
everyone else in the world knows that prot pala ST threat is not very good
mayb if you dont need to gear tanky at all
okay?
thats only 1500 tps
on the pull
with trinkets up
assuming
no
o after knockback
ok
still man
shatters
prot pala tank for opener sounds decent
I still think tanks sleep on avoidance as a threat stat
and think they did on broodlord as well
seems like you are 1 more shatter from death there
if you had a bit less raid dps
your lock ded
no im not
I heard your point
druid dodged 1 threat drop
little worse RNG and little longer fight and that lock dies
but that doesnt mean the strat is bad
what we need is a sheet
that calculates your chance to get ripped off
if your average TPS is X TPS
and average lock TPS is Y
kinda like the chance to death on leo tank sheet
and I bet you will see big value in avoidance
yea we do that
dual wield is better for threat for sure
right and im saying this type of sheet would show you that not just 100% avoid has value
its like saying I would only wear resist gear on Leo if it puts me to 100% resist
idk man its grey
its not necessarily the case
that every pices of threat gear > any individual piece of avoidance gear
on that fight
what you want is to never have < some TPS benchmark
not maximize your TPS
you want to ensure you never go below say 1600 tps or something
that allows your dps to pump
why does wulfgarz wear such shit gear
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/vaQtMHj3dTN189Cp#fight=last&type=summary&source=340
I swear this toon had better gear than this
wanted to see what they did on VR
and found this
i know what splits are
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/mj8CwxH9NgrKqbch#fight=last&type=summary&source=14
is this not the same toon
with actual gear on

mayb its a | not a l
but I dont think it is?
he sell his char and make a new one same name?
he name change old char?
it seems like somehow some of these ppl have clone names
thugfrog x2
scaffold x2
ahhhh
for what?
hahahah
yea thats almost surely it man
DONT YOU KNOW WHAT SPLITS ARE
yea makes sense
for sure
OOF
they are the chosen ones the lock stack we foretold
but theyll probably end up shooting THEMSELVES in the foot
lol
why
P much but we still love him
Lol
Stop being drama mama jpaint tru
Me being banned isnt drama its like weekly thing
Yea because mages are omega cringe
The things these incels say is 10x worse.
Guarantee krymer drops hard Rs in his guild disc
Im not talking about me being ban everyone else is lol
Engi to 350 or 375
1k not bad at all
Whats wrong w tostitos wtf
I like thosr
Royal cloak of the sunstrider
That took a minute
Its just min max bis too much hit in other places
Noone is obsessed
Minor upgrade
Its bis
Doesnt mean we are obsessed
Something tells me that you are actually obsessed w it
Not us
You made an acronym
Are you a spriest
SHADOW SET SADNESSS
i heard it was not very good for feral
on the feral disc
like tsunami sims just as good if not better
242.6 haste in lust is cap for a 1.5s cast
So like life tap?
Just stop casting immo
Lol
i just dont know why we talking about soft cap
thats mages ACTUAL cap
hurts fire a bit but 2.25s cast incins should still never get capped
mayb late sunwell gear
you not casting immo?
I still am on most fights
might try sbolt spam spec instead but
I tank stuff so I like having the fire talents
if I go sbolt spam cata I can put the points from nether prrot into imp searing pain tho
and still have nice tanking
not that I actually need talents to hold threat lol half the time I forget to click off salv
and its fine
sbolt spam sims better in PW fight right now
but thats because immolate ooms you
if you get free taps in a fight
immolate is still good
on what?
ya
rip
i gave fathomstone to an ele shaman yesterday
because I felt bad getting it after just getting vestments
yea but every other caster seems to have even more issues with haste
mages cap their ABs at 242
shamans start capping their Chain Lightning early
Spriests use alot more instants than us
and have mind blast on a 6 s CD and mindflay being the only spells really that benefit from haste
once we are in T6 where haste exists
you probably wont cast immo because of T6 set bonus
so its like o no our curses
and life tap
are capped
in lust
with 242 haste rating
which you probably dont even achieve by end of T6
unless you drums + lust
yea so you hit it during skull active
if you have BT bis
yea you can just tap around it
mages have to literally space out their haste cds
so they dont cap
and that has problems for them because they lose value on AP
i dont think youll be quagsing
youll use DMF trinket
by then
if MOTC is worth using
so is DMF trinket
I havent checked but
im p sure youll use DMF
MOTC is 85 SP
DMF is 80
you can tap just fine during lust
you just cant tap during lust + drums
or lust + skull
which is very manageable
yea I just think we still are the classs that EASILY gets most out of haste
capping GCD during lust + drums or lust + skull is hardly a concern for us
you can prestack DMF trinket iirc
and so many fight you can have 100% uptime
mayb not all
i mean ppl already favor double active over quags
and sextant
I dont think well be using quags by then
but mayb man
it does scale well
yea just use what sims best but it might be worse now w the cap
tap during transition
then seed
hydross is just shitty RNG
if you get the debuff
its hard
lowers dmg by 50%
Leo is  getting good dooms and doing the cheese to push him while he emotes
you want to push him  to the final phase in demon phase
and then you can dps him the entire time
he transforms
if leo is demon when you push him
you can dps him
while he emotes
if hes human you cant
yes
you can manipulate when you pop lust to set up your dps to push him
without having to wait around for demon to push
if that  makes sense
obvs you dont want to stop dps and wait for him to be demon
you want it to just happen naturally
right
they move him back and forth for transition thats when trheat drops and adds spawn
so you want to tap up to full
so you can seed
and also not risk ripping
you also want to set up your doom so its not going to grief and rip aggro right after a transition
most guilds just transition at 100%, this means you need to agony on the pull and doom like 15-30 s in
yea can do that too
just banish and kill
for everyone that softcap is the same during lust
but yes
it is good to know
what is bothering you buddy
what do you want to talk about
I mean we agreed didnt we? If your hitting 242 haste in lust you want to not be using GCDs there
theres not much more to talk about
dont usually run oom in a lust
as long as you tapped early
and again
your only actually capping
during lust + drums
or lust + skull
which is not even 35 seconds
im actually sorry if I annoyed you I just think you said what there is to say on the topic
theres not much more to say about it
dont lifetap when capped
your capped at 242 in lust
do the lock sims have this gcd cap now?
We could compare fire and shadow in T6 sims
to see how fires gonna hold up
its not bad man
you get 1 or 2 taps in pounding
you dont die
if your topped
healers always top you between pounings
I agree it sounds scary
but its  actually totally fine
unless your healers are bad
i tap after earth quake chad
and dive bomb too yea
but dive bomb is the scariest one for me
yep yep
sounded scary but then I did it and its fine
you can and it can be bis regen
but the assumption your making there is that a healer wont just heal you
if a healer gonna heal you
use mana pot
but rrejuv can be be good for prog
reduces the tax you put on them
thats just shameless
theres some sick fire demonology build
where instead of felguard
you run imp
and cast fire spells
yea
look through the talents
for imp
your imp will have like 70% crit or something





youg et this too
soul fire execute phase
as demonology metamorphosis melee warlock
its the chaddest shit ever
and yea theres this

so yea you have crazy crit and fire bonus with imp
but you give slioghtly less raid dps bonus because your imp is weaker than felguard in terms of giving you spell power
and your demonic pact wont be quite as strong
its the felguard cheerleade thats just what he do
use cqs macro
tap while moving
min max your positioning to minimize movement
yea but will it actually proc when seeding
I like TLC Quags but I think if I had sextant
id use TLC Sextant
yes but crit is big value for seed
regardless of proc
I said I think TLC good
TLC + Sextant
on AOE capped Tidewalker
specifically
TLC does roughly 2% of my dps
on the fight
quag is only better if it procs during seeding
well
TLC being 2% of your dmg
including all your seed
is big
Quags is roughly 2% haste
so the proc is 2% dmg
roughly
but if it procs outside of seed
its gonna be worse
if it procs in seed only
its gonna be better
thats my logic
Im sure you could sim it
based on your % cast of seed
for your own guil
but almost surely you get 1 quag proc on pull
that isnt while seeding
which is what leads me to believe that TLC > Quags
basically if TLC is 2% dmg it has similar value to Quags proc
without relying on RNG to get quags during seed
if you do get quags only during seed its better than TLC tho
I just googled and found one
but w lock you can enslave the demons and get way more than in guide
right so in your case TLC would be better
well assuming you get same TLC number as me - 2%
i get that p consistently
^
exactly
youd have to sim to be sure
but idk the way the logic plays out to me is that quags procs are 2% more dps during mainly ST
which is probably not worth
sextant should typically enhance your seed dps more
One thing that might be poggers is swapping on Bowiz only during murloc phase
you should always get procs in murloc phase doing that
mages do it for blade of eternal darkness
for mana procs
it has ICD
but if you swap on during murloccs
youll get a proc right
youll take a GCD to swap weapons
but seems worth
kinda iffy tho
no
thats been removeed
im not sure
you lose 2 gcds
so 3 s of casting
do you even gain a cast of seed
o true if your lusted your GCD is shortened
not sure if that works for weapon swap
you swap
and swap back right
so 2 yes
but you probably gain 1 cast of seed
and your swapping during the "non seed" portion
so it seems worth still?
yea you can try to do that if you want to
you still run risk that one of your procs
happens at a bad time
mayb it lines up well
Im not sure
seems like your banking on some luck
I got 99 easily I am not really tryna push a 100
the way you max parse
is just aoe the whole time
have less AOE
so you are seeding for high % of fight
I did it with arcane mage also getting 99
only 2 lust
and forgot to swap trinkets even
had double active on
we had 4 lock 1 mage
yea I mean
idk why you wouldnt lust your AOE here
hunter scams
lol nvm I got 3 lusts
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/T23crPvhFKd46yjC#fight=26&type=damage-done
yea we had 3 waves
we got griefed by pala grave
and had to stall out

just wear 4 pce and maximize crit
im using crit
some do shill for haste
I dont like it because of the gem requirements
If I had crit neck id be using that
thats badge cloak bcause no crit cloak
I probably swap to vash robe with oblivion pants soon
and yea I dont use havok bracer anymore
really low seed dmg and terribly long kill
ppl are just getting really greedy and blasting the fuck out of her
your gonna need good raid dps
My dad esque guild did 3:39 solarian
yours is almost a minute longer
we were pumping
I got griefed by my shaman
no totem for whole lust - 3 bolt resists
we havent had full raid comp for a few weeks
ret pala got ban
yea
well sextant proc before murlocs
is good
quags is bad
TLC is more reliable value
does Icon add 2% of your dmg?
Becuse TLC does
Doubt that you get 2% dps gain popping Icon on ST portion of fight
i mean atm our spriest has more gear  than any lock
just make smart decisions treat ppl fairly
class prios are more like guidelines
than rules
yea
those are all good things to give them
but if you know they are getting tier because you keep getting priest token
we do
we have wishlist
we justify our LC decisions based on the wishlist
yea idk
aka give loot to jpaint
looks like not much loot drop for you
no I mean for your raid
like all your locks
look p cucked
we finally got some lock loot
1 vestment
2 fathom stone
2 fangs in alt raid that im not in
because im also vanilla warlock
I got in early
if you have bloodvine on lock
you dont qualify
for vanilla woyer
oof
why man
you have a whole lock stacked guild
all spellfired
nah
only on AOE cap
@jpaint why
why
answer
99 alar is easy
you just lust the first phase
skip a buncha walking around
free 99
lmao wat
o
I see
Your gonna run 1 shadow
and its gonna be you
unlucky
Id just play affliction at that point
aff seems to be doing well
and its not boring
tru
but I have 98 without the lust
and thats w no ele shaman lol
or did he come back by then
he was afk
ele sham came back
lust at end

yea we wiped the first one last night
aand then he was back
regardless if he lusted at a good time when I had CDs and mana
easy 99
esp if you lust to push phase 1
and dont ahve to run across room
I cant remember harry potter
do they fuck
NO LOL
i got 98 yesterday without aoeing phoenix at all
and shit lust
just lust on pull and you skip movement in Phase 1
should be easy parse
if thats what your into
wat
why are you so horny for me bro
https://tenor.com/view/love-horny-flirt-attraction-sexy-gif-16040725

just making convo

who?
stop being cringe drama boy
its video game discord not high school gossip
before I got kicked the mages actually admitted I was right and that arc fire is probably bis unless your guild is super pumper/has bis T5 gear
because we 1 month in and they still arent really hitting the DPS they expect for arcfrost
the dps that justifies the spec being played
yea
if you read the drivel krymer spews on mage discord
you would want nothing to do with him too
hes blocked forever gg
now stop being drama boy
talk about shadowbolts
yea thats like 3 days old
but its nice video
real
dam
what is 17 hours?
Are you assuming based on my discord page that I have been playing wow for 17 hours
when I have been at work all day and just left wow open
lol
o dota
dota sucks man
community is so shit
takes forever to get in game
only for everyone to be toxic and throw before game starts
I showed why I took it personally
you have been doing this for a while now
I dont know who you are
its pretty creepy
please stop talking to me and being a drama boy
I was talking about video game
horny bro
https://tenor.com/view/blocked-unfollow-blocking-wonder-woman-twitter-gif-16090760
like lol how am I supposed to respond to that
kekw
the global ban list
that doesnt ban anyone
discord mods are probably in some weird drama circle jerk
im blocking you too now.
nah
arc frost isnt really performing up to expectations currently
kill times are too long
in a few guilds it is but not for most
im not reading any more krymer lol
Im just not tryna argue drama shit we were talking about game
stay on topic
this shit is so cringe
the drama boys from arcane channel miss their drama.
we never did healing assignments in our guild
once we did healing assignments and forced some ppl to raid heal
we were fine in Vash P3
they were all stressing keeping tank up
stepping on each others toes
just let the tank healer heal tanks
also I decided to loudly shout IM TAPPING
mid vash P3
so that I would get heals
for the one part I need heals
totem stomp macro with pet is OP apparently
smh
its a good rejuv pot fight if your struggling to get the healing
it just makes it easy to shit on shamans but if they are good they just hide it in some annoying corner you cant /tar easily anyway
yea
but if your desperate to kill vash
and having issues surviving
theres worse ways to spend money
being able to macro target totems and deal w them
its not just warlock macro
like a rogue or something could ahve it bound to sinister
/tar all annoying totems
and yea it does kinda trivialize spitfire totem
blizz just doesnt want you to be able to automatically target totems
is what it is
i think that was the reason they gave yea
isnt paladin like
the worst class in pvp
least representation for top ranks
yea annoying class to fight as lock because they last forever but
they arent good
my prot pala plays shock
its fucking funny
they just dont see it coming
but seems like if you know that this guy is shockadin
it loses alot of its power
they just assume healer when they see cloth pala
and then out of nowhere they getting 2x dps bursted



LOL

This is why you dont take mods word as fact
because he was harassing me yesterday trying to make cringe drama
hes basically saying "its not good on the privvate server I play on so its not good"
and ignoring evidence to the contrary

does this mean its actually 1100?
ah gotcha
so fiery was literallly reading the item DB wrong
well yea
I had a 10139 bolt
on lurker
10k shadow bolt crits are reall
yea cause incin crits 9k on regular
lol
i know
@jpaint in T6 do you just have one dude keep immolate up
and spam incins
because T6 set bonus/haste problems for immolate
viable is a broad term
be more than 30 yd away
basically be out of curse range
uh
mayb
not sure
ever notice that solarian is arcane and just  a pre boss
and the final boss of dungeon
is fire mage
with fire warlock buddy
blizz knew
I dont think so
you have to look at shaman casts
to confirm its down
and then watch replay
to see how close you are to him
and do fucking trigonometry/pythagorean to get your distance from shaman lol
imp
o well if your casting shadowbolt
obvs
you sac something that makes that do more dmg
o mayb he wants to sac a felpet
lol
no dont do that
if yur struggling to kill murlocs in time you should chain lust locks during the aoe phases
ppl will argue that its not worth but lust on aoeers easily adds more dps than any other group in the fight
it makes the fight way easier
for prog
killing murlocs faste with lust also calms down the dmg taken by tanks
and allows more of the raid to ST the boss
hannu he hasnt killed tidewalker yet
do you really think your statements apply
how is what your saying helpful at all
assuming you are MCing
do you think they are MCing
lol
exactly
yea theres probably something slowing down their dps
but lust is the simplest suggestion that actually can help
you can try to open logs and figure out why their aoe dps is low
flame some mage that cant press buttons
or you can come up with an actual solution
im assuming they are in raid
about to pull again
lust your locks
each phase
see how that goes
first time we did that we killed boss
our rogue didnt even dps
he just focused on lust swaps
make sure your locks cast seed
and get the mages to AE
after waiting for threat
hellfire is fun
but
not as fun as seed
wait suicide doesnt cost repairs
thats neat
yes
shatter during enfeeble on prince
see what happens
warlock is class with most suicide options
truly the edgiest
not that I know of
xelrog is an interesting person
ah
yea this is batching
i just learned that  a prot warrior can intervene the main tank on void reaver
and take the threat drop
maybe that can help some of you threat capped boys

not even
third bis
for orc
db and crul are better
Yea there was also ZG axe
which was basically same as dooms edge
and you could buy that on AH for like 4k max if you wanted the right roll
hacker
zulian hacker
I had of the agi I bought it on ZG release for 125 g
XD
debatably better than dooms edge
that some dude paid 22k for
lmao
za will be lit for sure
mount farming 10 man cozy
same as zg
for locks theres a few pieces
like
3
bloodvine if you count that sure
im saying theres like 3 pieces in ZG
for locks
cloak wand
its not that sick
the hex shrunken head is kinda more pog than all of that shit
ring set I guess
as a warrior there was 0 upgrades in ZG other than the zulian hacker
that never dropped
so mayb its a bit less exciting for lock
but to me
its very similar
its not about the loot boy
its about the jungle
healing haste cloak is BT
i think theres a few good pieces in ZA tho
same as ZG
I guess for locks specifically
there was a huge hit jump
on ZG
its kinda huge for locks
o gdkp
idk I never got involved in that shit
yea I just dont like GDKP
idk ffeel like it takes something from the game
I mean we just do all the raids
as a guild
im on a big server w big gdkp
its annoying tho because it launders bought gold
and drives inflation
lol
if you dont think gdkp launders gold
your cooked
nah its not a misconception
and you can get banned for this
im not saying you are buying gold through  gdkp even tho I have heard of that
Im saying you inject bought/illegal gold into economy
once its spent in a gdkp
even if your getting banned
its laundered and inflating economy
yea I guess thats true
laundering might be the wrong word
but it turns illegitimate gold legitimte
and that causes inflation
but yes this also happens
ppl do launder gold through gdkp
but that wasnt what I was really talking about
i agree w this
its just unfortunate cause it fucks up economy
and encourages gold buyers
it also kinda takes something out of the game
like
its all ameme
but theres like this spirit of the game
that dies
when you can just buy all your gear
yea I know your gonna argue that
but its not the same to me
yep
I mean yea the spirit of game is you earning that loot with your 39 buddies
vs buying it
in a room of randoms
on your first time
doing the raid
yea its not objective
its just a bad feeeling
that gdkp gives me
yea sure man thats fine
you dont have to agree with me
everyone lives diff experiences
but its just kinda a gross thing tome
it defs has its upsides tho
its not so bad to go to a dog shit pug
if
you get paid
ye
idk or when you see some chad in full bis
it shifts from
dam what a chad
to dam how much gold he buy
yea sure
we get some ppl in our guild
wanting to not do gruul anymore
so they can go gdkp
its kind of annoying
its like k you got your items
now you dont wanna go
sure
but thats not what im talking about
sure but its kinda cringe you would want ppl to help you farm your item
yea
especially when said person is someone who got a DST
from your raid
and now they dont wanna farm dst for others
they wanna farm dst for gold
interesting take
considering
that shit costs a fuck load
hannu = swiper?
consumes
destro pots
engi bombs
sigh hannu takes
also I play warr as well
so scrolls
engi is just bis
?
mayb you dont have boots of blasting yet
but that doesnt make it not bis
boots of blasting
gloves?
wat
so you dont use engi helm
in fire ?
I see what hes saying
still
engi is still
bis
bombs are strong
on lock too yes
aoe cap is a thing sapper strong
see you hyjal
or you know the entire raid
that is 10+ mob pulls
engi not as good for fire*
battle chicken is gnomish only
so you know
if you ever play demo
or are in a melee group for some reason
mayb if your in a BM hunter simp gorup lol
that means its definitely good.
naha
you sapper at end
because your last seed wont land
also at a certain number of mobs
sapper gonna shit all over seed
just be melee range
make a tank stand close enough
plenty of ways
cmon paint
your being disingenuous
and you know it
its yawn material
okay
still better than nothing


whatever dude
you gonna make nit picky arguments when theres clear uses for sappers
I sleep
i mean theres also a reason why everyone in a speedrun is engi
para cloak + rocket boots
and yea
speed kill strats likely will use sappers
kill tidewalker w ST
sapper the adds
if you play melee
its expensive
if you play warlock
yea pretty cheap
if you dont dark rune
and yea tbc consumes are expensive if you destro pot every time you should
but not many ppl do that
so they just dont use consumes
and say they are cheap
lol
if you flame cap and used pot on CD
you wouldnt call it cheap
or dark runed
no i didnt say that
but you destro pot alot more than most ppl do
theres quite a few
depending on your pull speed
every single big trash mob in SSC
you could destro
the big slimey dudes
that cast random spell
plenty of TK trash too
that you can destro pot
if your actually try hard
i know you dont
trrue
lol
hannu man
now your changing frame paint
youve gone from not good
to not a huge deal
your moving goal posts
there we go
and you gonna pull back and admmit that you can sapper on things that arent solarian?
kek
k see yea
hi
you can intervene knock away and eat the threat drop
make your furies eat threat drops for you
instead of fucking w cloaking device
or arms ofc
yea

or prot warr
or if you have none
then ignore it
is this not obvious
do we have any jparses lately
I mean there is just no skill in warlock
you press 2 buttons
flexing lock parses
is just weird man
like do you really finish a fight and be like
dam I played good
im proud of myself
lol
nah you dont
your just posting to flex
only 10 min without krymer
this is like 7 minutes in heaven
im p sure it actually does better on movement
because fire is more mana intensive
and so free taps
make fire better
than sims show
relative to shadow
yea
Seed of Corruption aoe cap is calculated by: 13580*X/(X+1).
X = number of affected mobs by the explosion (This doesn't include the seeded target).
because its busted and counts the mob you cast seed on
in the AOE cap calc
aint never seen no hellfire do 5k dps
does hellfire tick faster in lust
or other haste
okay okay
now how many mobs do you need for hellfire to even cap
are you guys actually thinking that hellfire will outdps seed
wheres the TLDR of this math
you considered crit?
and your math on tap
If you need to tap once for less than 5 seeds hellfire is better
you dont get 3 ffor 1 tap
how much mana do you get from a tap?
It scales with shadow SP doesnt it
so you assumed succ sac SP level?
thats one thing about morogrim man with succc sac you are capped at like 8 mobs
being fire
is just so much better
because you are so overcap
as shadow sac
and then you can also hellfire too
thats pretty crazy
yes
but being fire is a big advantage on ST there
can you add a how much dps gain is a sapper section
so we can laugh at jpaint
what profs do you have hannu
tailoring is dead prof
assuming
thats why you need sapper dps gain when you have to tap section
think it works w both
yea
at least im p sure
also clipping hellfire because murlocs are dead
but you still spent a buncha mana on it
your last hellfire is basically just a random duration between 0 and max
on each phase
on a ODS sheet
its just RAND()
isnt it
and a number range
should be simple
you could contrive it to be just your dps in the AOE phase
if that makes it easier
and we can just sort of extrapolate that to a longer fight
its usually called
Data Validation
or something of the sort
and you set up a bunch of "valid" options for the field
idk about libre offifce specifically
its capped on tidewalker
its still a valid question
seed depends on number of mobs
Seed of Corruption = 13580*X/(X+1)
so seed on 12 mobs is like 12.2k or something
capped
every 2 seconds
hellfire 5.2k every 1 second
so 10.4k every 2 seconds
but its far more mana efficient
if you lifetap once every 3 seeds
then its more like 3 seed per 7.5 seconds
your getting like 4.9k dps outta seed there and yea hellfire being slightly higher
but thats assuming you never tap for hellfire either
snapshotting is definitely seeming like a nice play
at least at AOE cap
i dont tihn so
but
the napkin math I just did
doesnt assume crits
and it was close man
I am dubious
how much dps gain are you even seeing on the sheet
and yea
assumes hellfire is free
ehhh
im thinkinh its best used for snapshotting
kinda doubting its better w those numbers
yes
that costs 0 mana
basically
ill try it man
doubting its gonna win
also you know
factoring in TLC would be nice
rain of fire new meta
sapper good
jparse smol
im at work
I know thats something hard to understand
but just because it says I have been playing dota 2 for hours
doesnt mean I have been playing dota ffor hours
you are the 4th cringe person to say something about me playing dota
today
!mute jpaint 60
so in classic I played my lock as an alt and was made to be CoR bitch by the Class Lead of that guild
he never gave me loot
I would beat them p often
on dps
now a days
that guild is dead
and that Class leader
is in my guild
but I dont fuck him over the way he fucked me
be a better person
its a discord not an interview bitch
I type what I want
no nut november
after all

you literally cant get glaives
because blizzard knew how retarded your hunter officer is
however notice that they did not do the same for the bis warrior bow

theres some op reason its not
o yea
steady shot doesnt care about ammo
so this bow is just insane
yep

show him this
and tell him to shut the fuck up
its when prot warriors have to dps
and dont want to get shamed
i mean double feral is probably better
but once your on farm
if you dont wanna bench your prot
arms prot or fury prot seems decent
that could be true too
i was thinking like hydross
but you can just make the prot pala do it
ye
and you get sweeping
and not having sweeping as arms
is very sad
its true
I did it last night
your threat wont be good but
theres not really  a boss in SSC TK
that you would need to have threat for
i guess mayb Void Reaver
dad strats
arms is fun
i like it
and me as arms
but thts mostly cause they are dogs

i beat all the hunters
with ravager
pog
no pls
dont be a cringe
i thought you were cool
but I guess your pfp sucks now
cringe
bear that dpses
yea
which is like why theres the whole arms prot furt prot meme
but your prolly right just play straight arms
or straight fury
i think
theyll be good for illidan prog
T6 gear looks really bad for prot warr
its all gross chonk shit
i think thats where they hit the wall
but you just wear dps pieces and pvp pieces i think yea
and mayb 1 or 2 omega chonks
yea our bear constantly shills for not tanking and dpsing
and we are like
you should tank
prot warr wants to drop for fury
and evenutally another druid
@jpaint do i get sextant i am shadow
it dropped
yea
just watch lock talk
and youd know
idiot
episode 5
wat efffect
@jpaint sextant acquired
now what
any other options
got prism too pog
DN?
lmfao
hpala lmfao
pillar at the beginning is kinda just free real estate tho
hitting the bats has a cost
hit is apparently not bad for paladin
but
still dont give ToC to pala
@Itsmarco Do you guys do anything special for tanking Capernian?
She keeps running into center when I tank it
and my guild is trying to copy bakers now
so I see you like behind the statue in P1
is that to get her to the right
@Itsmarco so that positioning what is the purpose of it in P3?
p much tried a few diff positions trying to get her to not run into center
yea but what does moving the boss to the right have to do with that
are you just making more space for the raid ? @Itsmarco
not true
they change sim until it tells them what they want ðŸ™‚
reduce fight length until arcfire bad
taking innervates is best way to parse vashj
fuck mage
true
if you show up w no dagger skill
you aint gettin KT loot first
imo
we all got togethr to level dagger skill in alt raid and the only one who showed up w no W skill was the fucking main tank
no
is this true
it procs 100%
?
on abilities?
or just 100% on everything
wtf why
i guess thats just what it says on weapon huh
so yea actually trolling to put on warlock
meh
i think you can get 99 with actual 99 percentile performance
without making your dps  meme for you
yes its meme where you can extnd AOE
but usually these sorta memes are more of a 100 parse thing
getting a 99
is still pretty doable
I am in raid w 4 locks
and none of them put vestments number 1



lol
mine
so they all know that vestments is omega bis
but I think they just figured they go for something else
and get it second
i mean
i love it
lol
thats  fine  tho
that shows the value of said item
so one of those ppl really wanted to go engi for pvp
so he prioed boots
and said hed skip vestments for the pieces that let him engi
thats reasonable
and a good outcome from thatsmybis
yo the hunters had the belt pattern right
and warlocks didnt get pattern
finally vortex drops for belt
they all think its auto hunter looted
belt of blasting pattern drop same pack
and I point at thatsmybis show that all the locks have it higher
than the hunter
rather the hunters didnt even put it on list
boy they were mad man
lol
they were finna finesse some belts
that was some of my better english
yes
anyways now I have vestments sextant and prism uncontested
up next for wand
lifes goooood
havent tested yet
but I plan to use it for seed when fetish on CD
and then swap out my second trinket between sextant / quags
for ICDs
i think it will shine in Hyjal
mayb just some niche uses here in SSC
yea
skull is sick
but its actually kinda a small active
lots of good static stats on it tho
and I guess its the CD
2 min
that makes it lit
yea 45 s icd iirc
yea its just less haste than most things I think it might be slightly overrated by most ppl
obvs still massive swanger trinket
the other trinket mayb
@degenerate
the sliver


175 haste for 20 sec out of 120
only 29 haste rating on average
wheras sliver is like double that
yes
its from muru-
so holding out for this
is kinda fucked
ill probably be going hard for skull
but I think the sliver is the true goat item
like you probably rather get BT weapon + Muru trinket
than Skull + SWP weapon
its weird that the power circle doesnt buff other warlocks
yea I just think its kinda hard to use the hit at a certain point for ock
you get so much hit from gear
that you might not even want ele shaman anymore
lol

shit
power circle
is only 90 s cd
ye
53.333 spell power on average
so its roughly 25 haste rating or 25 hit rating
sliver vs skull
assuming you arent getting boosted uptime from short fight
well the sliver is 53 spell power over the duration
and skull is 55
so I ignored spell pwoer
but obviously
those trinkets have increased power in lust
so its a bit reductive
ok ok
ye
certain abils will be capped
if you stack alot of haste
not your bolts
but you taking a minor loss on your taps
you can play around this tho
just dont tap
dont cast immolate
during lust that is
dont tap during lust
right
i didnt feel like arguing w that
also
only yes/no pls
I dont want to hear your opinions
is this for NA ?
marco
wtf is the point of having 3 locks lol
i feel like its not worse in lust in and of itself
but since your popping shit in lust
its gonna be bad to be tapping
@jpaint replace icon or pipe with sextant
@jpaint replace pipe or quag with sextant
there should still be some loss from tap during lust.

using a tap during lust has the potential to clip a shadow bolt cast
remember you can "snapshot" the last shadow bolt you cast
during lust
you may end up getting 1 less hasted bolt
because you tapped
that hasted bolt would last past lust because of snapshotting
possibly but this is unlikely
its more likely that you lose some small amount of dmg tapping during lust
can do math to confirm but
this is what I suspect
since you can snap shot the end of a lust
there is a chance that tapping could lose you a spell
for example, if there is 0.1 s till lust ends, if I cast bolt here I will get another fully hasted bolt.

If I casted a tap, I may be losing 1 hastted bolt. regardless I would be getting less total haste.
depending on movement/how things line up
the fact that bolt cast time is longer than a GCD means its more likely that you will lose some amount of hasted benefit. Because the end of a lust can be snapshotted and the longer the spell you cast, the more "hasted time" you get out of lust
the more spells you cast that are low duration the less total hasted time you should end up with on average
it is out of this discussion yes
obviously if you mix in trinket uses
your gonna not want to tap
thats not what we are talking about man
killogic is something wrong with my explanation tho
haste snapshotting means its better to be casting bolts in general
the fact that bolt cast time is longer than a GCD means its more likely that you will lose some amount of hasted benefit if you tap. Because the end of a lust can be snapshotted and the longer the spell you cast, the more "hasted time" you get out of lust
like this is why mages evo on last tick of lust
it basically makes their lust longer
consider what happens when you use the last 0.1s of lust to tap vs bolt
this effect will still happen if you tap earlier on in lust, just theres a small chance you don't actually lose a cast and still get same amount of casts
this is true but I think its more likely than not that you will gain by not tapping
like if we compute average dps over a bunch of iterations
where lust is popped at various points during your cast
can do math to confirm but
if lust didnt snap shot your last cast, tap would probably not matter
I mean this shit doesnt actually matter v much
if you tap in lust, you may be able to squeeze out 1 tap and same amount of bolts as before
but if you dont tap
you may squeeze out 1 more bolt
on average this will probabaly slightly favor bolt spamming I think
it kinda does
because of snapshotting
if you cast at 0s, and get lust at 0.1s , you spend 2.4 s casting a bolt that could have been lusted
you might want to cancel said cast and restart it
and you will complete said bolt sooner
true it is different
but noone has responded to my argument so far
remember when we would cast corruption as first cast of our trinket usage because it meant we squeeze out a bit more efficiency ( I believe this was only for ZHC not TOEP)
I havent seen any sort of analysis like this for TBC cooldowns
theres porbably some uncharted territory here
or at least some uncharted territory for general discord knowledge
some smart warlocks probably charted  it alrdy
in theory there is some optimal rotation ovver a lust period/trinket usage
quags would muddy the waters tho
yea im being lazy
so if you just have lust you have 40 seconds of 1.923 cast bolts (ignoring quags)
thats 20.8 bolts casted
If you tap one time instead, you will actually get the same amount of bolts casted and 1 more tap
because that 0.8 bolts has barely enough room to fit a GCD and still snapshot a final bolt
until its capped, yes, but haste snap shots, and this means haste does slightly favor bolt
since snapshotting a longer spell
is bettter than a shorter one
generally
yea you MAY not lose dps by tapping during lust and actualy gain by squeezing out an extra tap
but you also MAY lose a full bolt
it seems to fine grained to really control tho
mayb you could make an addon to tell you if 1 tap during your lust cycle is worth it tho
yes
ye
some sort of chad gamers
I mean there isnt much to optimize for warlock you know
this is kinda the best we got
I know that min maxing my trinekts in vanilla seemed to pay dividends for reliably beating other warlocks on overal
later I want to think a bit more about how to optimally pop cds
i got some work to do tho
i think so ?
i love you
https://tenor.com/view/hug-snuggle-bromance-scrubs-gif-4997806
i think everyone understands that Pard
but because of snapshotting, it SHOULD slightly favor not tapping in general
mhmm
sounds right
because tap scales off spellpower
but does it scale as well as bolt?
?
right but how much it scales does matter
i would think that you know since it crits, does ISB, is a long cast has 100% scaling
it would be better
but I dont actually know value of life tap scaling
interesting
yea imma be genuinely amazed if we supposed to be using our trinkets to tap to full
@jpaint why dont I see you tapping during sextant procs
true
the thing is tap you often get for free
i guess
if you had a really long PW fight like 10 minutes or something
would you actually trinket to tap
you coulda just said yes
got em
jebaited
win win win
ding ding ding
man that is actually so fucked
if some top parses trinkets to tap on brutallus
imma be genuinely concerned for my health
mm true this is probably assuming some average crit RNG no?
if I get all crits during my trinket SB >> tap right
ye
sheesh
never seen the S3 pvp set before

amazing
the colors are way better than normal T6
purple wangs
Supposedly only 600 reduc after salv and talent
1. no ICD should be each mob that it crits gets the threat drop
so its like 600 on the 5 mobs it crit
or 700 no talent
but it feels good
using it felt like I was getting more seed dmg than others and not scared of ripping
yea i hate tanking leo lol
but w.e
stabile will argue that forever
says that he can hold 2.4k dps warlocks or w.e
pala
stabildin or something
@Stabile ?
stabidin
tier 5
i just got mine
and now
I need so many epic gems fuck
spellstrike for crit gems?
o sure
for seed
ye
i put all my epic gems in my legs
now I gotta transition
put them in vestments tho
and shouldnt have to swap long time
I cant even really make green gems work anymore
mayb if I had more offpieces
no crit cloak
no crit neck
vash chest so much hit
srry stabile
no
i mean its not really worth getting panties in a bunch over
idk man why are you mad your affli gets some loot
he plays affli supports you
you shouldnt also fuck him on loot
its just like literally almost any item you could say "better for destro"
something as small as sextant
isnt worth getting annoyed about
your in such a low tier guild expecting them to loot sextant a super small item with prio to a particular spec of warlock
like its just unreasonable
sure mayb you gatekeep them on some huge item but even then in a casual guild thats not gonna happen
i dunno your like expecting hardcore loot prios from a super non hardcore guild
i mean
bruh
its good for seed for affli too
and its barely even good for a destro
its main purpose is seed
so whats wrong with givining to affli
this is weirdest convo ever man
idk why a buncha ppl are jumping on his ass
wat
who caares that this random aff lock in shit guild runs UA
and how does that have ANYTHING to do with him getting a shittytrinket
its like ppl have this weird play book of flaming
"whats his spec"
"UA"?
thats bad someone said
get him
he cant get loot becuase hes UA
like what is this meme lmao
just wear more stam over that
yes
i mean
its like 2x a flask in spellpower
one neck use
and you get 10 charges
how is it even work
its buying a consume
and using it
in raid
yea
just tell them
what I just said
that your giving up like 4 flasks in stats
not having JC necks
like Im guessing your not even clearing all the content and could use these consumes
Its 10 charges
They last for weeks
Not 1000g per week man
Months even
If you have gold for flask. You have gold for neck
Nuff said
Kt one or not
Its worth
Boomer take
You also probably never killed vash or kt prenerf in 2007 @Carlisle
Or really any of this content
99% of people who remember the content remember killing a version of it that they didnt even know was nerfed
its fine to do whatever you want to do
but if you spend gold on flasks, you SHOULD spend gold on necks
logically
usually if you just show up and start neckin
and say others should too
they will jump on board
a normal raid team plays as team
i completely disagree
if anything
save them for vash prog
like
i dont understand why ppl will min max consume to kill maulgar 1 s faster
but then they skimp on prog consumes
like
prog is where consumes actually matter
killing maulgar or some farm boss 10 seconds faster
is a fucking meme
noone cares
you gonna sit 9 or 8 out of 10
while slacking on consumes for the bosses you cant kill
do you realise how quickly gbank money would blow if guild repairs are on?
I often have a 40 g repair bill
just me
thats 1000 gold PER repair
do you think your gbank is rich?
like what
also
its rewards ppl who suck
and die
with more gold
for repairs
im not talking to you
sorry
replied wrong
thres problems with gbank gold in some guilds sure and good things to spend them on
repairs are not that
repairs would almost instantly make your gbank broke
pissed away repairing whatever noob died the most
i agree with this
if your learning mechanics
but some ppl will skimp on consumes when they are wiping a DPS check
not mechanics
its like they only wanna full send consumes if they gonna get a 99 out of it
ppl start going super hard in farm
and its just fucking bizarre to me
these hunters will scroll their fucking pet for a parse on hydross
but wont do the same to kill KT/Vash DPS check
just pisses me off that ppl consume for parses but not for prog
spilling out 1000 gold + per raid
to parse
but sitting 8 or 9/10
week after week
whats it typically look like
when yuo transition
P3
do you have 1 mob up or more when transitioning into P3 @JordanF
are you waiting for a good time to dunk?
you should try to figure out how the strider can be dead
when you dunk
ask for hunters to lean into that last strider
so its actually dead
ppl are failing P3 because they arent set up for success
your P2 transition needs to be reliable and clean
to prog the fight properly
like  presumably you have some loose dps that usually do cores
that arent quite sure what tyo do in the moments before transition
thats where you get your extra strider dps
for us, its hunters
but mayb for you its someone else
direct their attn to that strider
we had like
30 + attempts
and then one day we walked in fresh one shot it
and have not wiped
for 3 weeks straight now
1 shot every time
yes
incin when we had fire mage and now bolt
but we do that p1 strat and I tthink its griefing my parse bro
i dont think thats the case
I think that doing the P1 thing griefs your kill time tho
aoe cap its good
2% of my dmg on tidewalker
aka its good
yea pretty true
noone said its not possible
but as your raid does more dps to the striders it makes you do less
theres limited dps in P2 to go around
if you
drag priests
onto the boss
you could seed
i mean you could
im not saying you SHOULD
its only 13 seeds cast and 3 spit phases
hes just seeding the adds man
affli has strong seed
yea but thankfully that hasnt taken over parsing too much
the degen shit could be really bad
i mean 2x lust to locks
is kinda just standard
i mean I see a number like 4 or 5 as cheese yea
i dunno im not complaining about extra lusts
it could be a lot worse
it could get way more degen
you cna still easily get a 99 regardless of some padders
I mean its ofc kinda cringe
but it could be SO much worse so
thats just what parsing is
parsing in TBC is being enabled by your raid comp
thats not true
you need 3k total dps
to get 99

just get 3 lusts bro
why
yea 3 mage is rough man
yea bro just gear better bro
ppl should just
stop caring about parses
pink numbers dont define your worth
what you want
I only train warlocks that are forged in FIRE
warlocks get treated by shit by their guild and mages and check out of parsing
everyone just wants to fuck them over
mayb if you played fire for them P1 theyd play shadow for you P2 with some vigor
but nah you got them checked out on thair 10th straight phase of sbolt spam
no love
id be sleeping instead of pumping too
its like ok bro put up elements for me. Im not gonna scorch for you.

Please use all consumes so that we get nice kill time so I can parse.

no parsing for you tho.
completely falser
sims barely get 80% on PW at 40% crit
22% or something?
no
blade of wizardry
is so fat
when you get proc while seeding
fang is NOT good enough
swapping fetish and prism last night on lurker trash
felt so fuckin good
tfw you beat arcane mage on overall
and tank leo
and bitch curse
nah im just god lock
paint pls come back when you arent a blue parser
you heard me
yea next week youll get it bro ðŸ™‚
Heezzy
ðŸ™‚
swapping on BoW for the phase
isnt a bad thing to do
imo
50 seconds
if you have fire mage every raid
and not full 99
must be trolling

whos your chaddy

every week bb
https://tenor.com/view/emma-stone-all-i-do-is-win-win-winner-success-gif-4421422
https://tenor.com/view/im-the-best-racer-fox-sports-gif-5943746
yea whats wrong w special olympics
average special olympics champion is an owner
cant say that I have seen that movie
i mean jpaint
your guild kills most bosses
like 1 minute slower than my guild
if we are special olympics
so are you
your just not winning them
KT prog been rough man
we good at doing dmg
not doing things that
arent doing dmg
dont  even raid for 6 hrs per week
griefed by IRL dont even get to do KT prog attempts this week
because some ppl getting married
in our guild
lol
oof
i get 10 k shadowbolts  on just normal fights lol
like lurker and hydross
losing to fury is fine
losing to rogue
is cringe
lol
you cant even use a melee ability

i thought that the mellee ability is both
its actuallly interesting that morogrim basically rewards shit guilds in terms of parses
mayb ppl will stop caring so much now
prob not tho
yea but not really been a boss that you CANT get a 99 without doing POORLY
wat
sir
no i didnt
sir
Arent you assuming you dont crit tho
Also its not like hellfire means you dont tap
Idk mÃ¡n not convinced
Okay so you seed til low mana. You tap on the way in to hellfire. You hellfire
Your still tapping
or are you gonna sit melee range really
like your accting like hellfire somehow prevents you from tapping
so your capping yourself threat wise then
by being melee range while you seed
how do you use it properly
o i alrdy do that
as you get higher SP, your gonna cap at fewer mobs
this is going to lower seed cap
like for example
if im capped on 8 mobs
seed cap becomes 11800
idk mayb theres some point where hellfire takes over
but hellfire on 8 mobs
is probably not more dmg?
idk
seems like nonsense but also seems like its not 100% confirmed nonsense
the problem with hellfire at the end of lurker pack
is half the mobs are dead
your only hellfiring like 4 or 5 mobs then
and a seed on 4 mobs should shit all over hellfire at 4 mobs
like you made some statement about aoe cap
but yuor not gonna be aoe capped
i been wondering what happened to me
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/VZdxJjcWnDaQKHXy#fight=14&view=replay
5:13 in the replay
you can see the mob just fuck off
when I try to pick it up
yea i was looking for something a bit more concrete lol
I know that there is "some reasons" it might be
im not on the stairs but mayb its LOS
they do all roughly die at the same rate tho
by seeding the murlocs, your increasing the variance
and increasing the amount of time it takes to kill all murlocs
while reducing the time they are all up
your objectively making your AOE less efficient
thats grief too
but increasing the variance further isnt good
just because other ppl fuck up the variance
classic attack the person because you have no argument
moment
i mean just why would you see the adds
like why not just seed the boss
you do more dps
its clean even dps
why do you WANT to tab seed
it just makes a chance that some mobs will die before your seed blows up
like why do you WANT this
like 1 lost seed cast to the void
is p big
that doesnt really happen with seeding the boss
easier said than done man
if your tabbing
whoever that warrior
decides to target
or smash with cleave sweeping
is gonna eat a lot of burst
still man
there is NO way you can prevent your seeds from getting wasted 100%
except seeding the boss
lol bitch please
your tellling me you never get a seed wasted?
lets see your logs please.
okay
so you agree with me
o come on
seed is way more mana losing a seeds is a lot bigger
disingenuous argument because you kno im right
sheesh
tfw this guy tells you stop being a shitter

kekw
9 sadge
you called me a shitter bruh
you are the one that made this personal
get mad
yea I mean im 9/10 shit happens casual guild
i still farm your ass easily ðŸ™‚
you said only shitters get wasted seeds lol
thats what started this
again, I just dont see WHY you want to seed the adds
because of weaving
?
uhh yea your farmed bro
srry to break to you
I mean im looking at my personal performance vs yours.
your comparing our guilds results
and claiming them as your own
shrug
do what you want man
whatever gets you to sleep at night
all I said was that its better to seed the boss
you wanna attack me and call me shitter cause you dont agree
sure
but imma clap back
https://tenor.com/view/chuu-chuu-with-a-gun-chuu-got-the-glock-chuu-cocking-a-gun-cocking-a-gun-gif-20619220
thats cope
99 as curse of ele aff is very doable
yea i mean its dirt easy to parse as aff cause so many are so bad
thats true
ayyy mad cause bad
we kill vash
we can kill KT we just havent really had time
buncha issues with attendance and schedule last few weeks
this week for instance we dont ahve a prog day because some ppl getting marrie
just not that srs
but yea thats the one insult ppl have to throw at ame
something thats not really in my control
what
are you gonna try to guess and assume cringe shit about my guild now?
to try to insult me again lol
so cringe
the weird thing
is you casted 10 on the boss
last time you raided
you mainly casted on boss
it doesnt matter at all
its just kinda
weird
its better parsing cause you get some vuln pad sure
but getting the aoe done faster and swapping ST to the boss is better for raid
once again
you attack me personally
over some old shit
i dont give that much of a shit
i argue because if theres actually a reason to seed the adds it would be nice to hear it
but there isnt one
so I guess this over
agree
your STILL talking to me?
its a 2 way street
im tryna talk about how to play game
Think it depends on your raid
yea but some guilds are killing thald and like 3/4 of capernian in lust
so its like no brainer
I think in general prob better to lust capernian for prog but
idk really
havent killed boss lmao
we can kill KT lol we killed vash
i mean hes talking about P3
but
just makes ppl not die like idiots on prog
lol foty you are special today just trying to argue
he didnt even say that the rogue needs to stay on him
your just making up shit to argue with
its actually hilarious
what is the most likely thing he meant
when he said to just put a rogue on it
we were gonna have our prot warrior try to stack Cap
he kinda just sits around anyways
bruh I have to discuss KT gottta kill this boss
if ppl got secrets lemme know
yea thats what I said
in order to kill a boss you actually need 25 ppl to show up and pull said boss
been rough go for us w the 2 raids we run trying to get everyone to show up
yes
and just leave the other raid not raiding until we do?
We could
we dont really roll like that
Faerlina
no im not
im in a guild thats been on Faerlina since literally classic launch
literally 1 hr affter launch guild was created
Sauce
not a streamer guild
pls stop trying to make up shit about me
yes , you are
is this some kinda reference
this means the second raid doesnt really get serious prog time right
Just isnt the way we opted to run it
instead we doubled our schedule and have both raids working on it simultaneously
but some ppl havent been able to make it
we arent really struggling with roster
we are struggling with finding time to prog
Sauce
its always bbeen Sauce
it didnt come from anything
perhaps
actually no we get ppl asking to join all the time
again
you are trying to assume my scenario
we dont have a roster problem
we have a schedule problem
we have a guild thats just a buncha old friends
mayb but not as he thinks
we dont need to recruit ppl
we just arent gonna kick ppl from our guild because they are getting fucking married
we rather try to work around our friend's schedule issues
which yea, means we might be 9/10 for a bit
maintaining a bench is something we havent really managed to do well ever
idk how to do that
I mean theres LOTS of good players without 10/10 guilds atm
or players with alts
that want to raid
yea so have we
we dont have actual raid spots tho - we arent trying to fill spots for ppl we have raided with since day 1
we just deal wtih it
most of the schedule issues are over after this weekend
hopefully KT dead by next friday
well see
we
have
no
room
nope
also you guys are all shit
couldnt cut it
like we literally 1 shot vash every single week
its fucking sad man
we just need time to practice KT tho
havent gotten it
call it cope but Im being honest
thats the whole point
we just arent like most guilds lol
we screw around
we joke
we start late cause someones late
well for us there is lol
sometimes
this week specifically  tho we did 9 bosses in 3 hours and our second raid day is 2 ppl getting married in guild
so we are kinda fucked
except they dont
at all
yea I mean shit happens
I think you all are used to playing in different guilds
that have a buncha spergs
where ppl are replaceable
we decided a long time ago to go this route and keep raiding with our friends
even if it costs us a bit
Literally the only problem it causes is you randos harassing me about being 9/10 and not understanding the situation
we are all fine
we arent losing players
we are chillin
you called me a shitter, I clap back
im not playing a victim lol
im saying it like it is
im not a victim because you guys calling me 9/10 doesnt hurt me
im just explaining why
im not so concerenced about it
bleh its been a mess man do you REALLY want the story
one guy got banned for pvp afk
shaman getting new job
normal bullshit
it should be 6 hrs
but just this week we dont have second day
you dont even paly this game and you hang out on this discord talkin shit
lmao
how bored are you bro
I agree
and that is what we plan for, but actually getting the gang together for 6 hrs across two raids been a pain
and then yea vashj was harder than we planned for so prog on that went long
but now we practiced it so much
its a 1 shot easy
but yea lol our guild just puts keeping the gang together above our prog p much, theres better gamers we could get if we really cared to "trim the fat"
they are getting married bro
ye
3 fangs in warrior raid
0 in warlock raid
literally idiots making up random reasons to not use atiesh
i mean why did you take atiesh
x to doubt
eh that sucks I guess
Ok dude you just didnt run zg enough
Every reset for one phse then give up
Is what I hear
anyone have an attempted "ultimate bis" for this phase
with gems
all min maxed
trying to decide wher to stick my PVP red gem
Ty
Prob gonna go engi eventually
I have t5 pants
But
Idk wanted to put in longer lasting piece
Not worth you lose a good sock bonus
Might be belt but that sock bonus is decent too
Yea
So i think just do belt
Ye
It might be worth having more than 2 blue
Orange gems are fine tho?
Im autist enough to constantly swap gems
Yolo
Just wear like ashyens gift
Or somethin
Can flex just wear diff gear in raid
sims better without free taps on long PW
if you get free taps
immolate good
three spell crit gems in the spellstrikes
seed set is reaching new heights
prism
sextant
o baby
i tried to summon a doom guard in cross roads and unleash hell
but it just kept chasing me
fucking waste to get that spell
yes except most seeding is aoe capped
2 afflis sucking your ISB dry
no ICD
gcd tho
you lose 1.5s cast
ICD on equip is no longer a thing
you can cook trinket ICDs in your bags and swap in for trash packs
tested swapping it?
i havent
will we all need full shadow res set for mother
yes or no @jpaint
eh it can help
i dont think killing bats is that worth but
some guilds do it
meh it seems to help some guilds
its just kinda baity and ruins the parse bro
really good vietnamese sub
satay chicken extra veggie
yes
this one place is like a hole in the wall - all they make is banh mi , they dont take debit or credit in 2021
and it lines up down the street
haha it kinda do be like that the first time you go

10/10 boys
the 2 necks that arent eye of night
are personal loss
yea
eye of night is bis neck
if noone in your group is using it
well in the case of eye of night its bis without counting the group buff
I mean you only need 5 hit for trash
you have 11% hit in wasted stats on trash
thats alot man
Thats more stats wasted than all the upgrades in P1/P2
if you think that its a minimal improvement to not waste 11% hit
then you think ALL gear is EXTREMELY minimal improvement
id agree with that statement in a nutshell
but I wouldnt agree that not wasting 11% hit is minmal
we killed vash like 2 weeks ago
it was KT we killed this week
or someone else?
yea KT was super easy man
we just needed to get some attempts
also why am I yllow now
shadow never goes ahead for personal dps
raid dps, depends on your raid comp
marco  I did what you said on KT and it was alot better
also can I pls be purple again
why am I yellow
mayb you just bad tho
I like affli I think it feels fun
affli ruin is p lame
10/10

you said we wouldnt do it
idk why shit was actually fucking easy as hell
eh I didnt read it that way
yea I woulda bet we didnt kill on week 2 as well lol
overall dps

@Roza whats so bad about this man
your like 120 dps short
of destros
its defs worth based on these numbers
Ppl dont parse the same tho
You cant just use parses
Use your raids dps
By using raid dps values ive seen plenty of times where affl not worth
if you have trouble pressing 2 buttons
pressing 1 button is an acceptable way
to do more dmg
but dont you kinda feel bad that you cant even manage a 2 button rotation
k bye
invisible name
also spooktober role  and black text name
is a lil questionable no
its 2021
i found my purple fair and square
stop bullying me
lol
whos my arch nemesis
lol wat
i thought youd say krymer
whats wrong w chaotic
chaotic is good
just bad at being a mod
krymer is lame as fuck just because he doesnt harass you doesnt make him cool lol
hes the worst
he hasnt been here for a few weeks now
lol
mayb
either way hes beyond any reconciliation for me fuck that loser
i think its all overrated as fuck
we 1 shot that boss every week
no silly thornlings required
also I dont think krymer is here anymorre
nvm
i just have him blocked
wrong
every single mage in existence is a completely irredeemable piece of shit
yea the mages gone soft
now that they realise they dont automatically top meter even in T5
skull of guldan is lock only
zdoom lock only
TOC is also lock only
because it matches lock T5 set
what do mages even wear in T6
our mage is convinced vestments is bis
did you do this
they always might want skull
unlucky tho
mage master chaotic always argued for mage skull
nothing new there
what ? T5?
warlock T5 is like  stam upgrade thats it
we get this set its over for mages
how mcuh dps does spriest get from zhardoom
im pretty sure its 0
no sim?
ok 0 then
unlucky guess your hard stcuk mindblade
your not getting 5 haste items to get an extra mindflay tick lol
the delusion of spriests
reality is you picked a class that doesnt benefit from upgrades as much as anything else
and also decided to make locks your enemy and friend with mages
unforch
gratz spriest
weap looks like its meant for spriest to hold

and this also has obvious prio
unlucky
fem orc is bis wtf
laty does not know wow well
man is borderline retarded
watched him try to lead his NA guild through kara
he explained shit straight up wrong
clearly didnt know basic mechanics on netherspte
he still says that vashj dagger is bis for fury
he plays male orc
he stacked HUNTERS in SSC prog race
got farmed
wrong
progress did 4 hunter 4 lock
progress just ran super standard comp
I mean they might have had more attempts on PTR than we did live tbh
KT was super easy
being in a raid that clears content week 1
is skill now
according to foty lol
when PTR exists
anyways point was laty is kinda idiot
he can press buttons kinda ok, like pretty much anyone with half a brain
mhmm
like I said before we had alot of schedule problems and got walled hard on Vashj
didnt really attempt KT much
KT was a fuckin joke tho
eh vashj shit was more fun for me really
KT was kinda just
ok melee
stop being retards
dont die thaladred
and then boss just dies
thats true
it was probably harder with the bug
your only good at the game if you spent 5 weeks practicing KT on PTR
if you prog at all in actual game release
your shitter
my guilds prog =  my personal skill at the game
no
yup
game is easy
its just how much time you put into it
if you think killing KT week 1 or week 2 or whatever makes you "good"
your delusional
yes
you are delusional foty
gfoty
this is you
during your guilds first vashj kill
dead on the floor
your hard carried.

next 4 weeks
foty
hasnt gotten better than a green parse
900 dps avg
warlocks
are easy bro
yea no bor
curse assign is not excuse
for green parse lol
i did reck first kill
and beat you
easily
ayy
you still
hard died
in P3
while your guild killed boss
i actually wasnt checking parse
I was checking
his performance
in prog raid
and its TERRIBLE
KT first kill
guess what?
ALSO DEAD
on the floor
so you are flexing that your guild killed bosses
while you were dead
before me
1sht by melee
yea prob threat
gratz bro
o yea as if foty for the last 3 weeks harassing me about my guilds prog isnt cringe
thats been our only convo
im clappin back now
imagine you flex your guilds prog like its a personal achieve
and
you are dead on the floor
for both bosses
LOL
true
eh I think it landed p good
thanks
some ppl hard carry in their guild
some ppl are hard carried by their guild
but hey flex your prog bro
Hey I wasnt dead on floor for those boss kills
all I gotta say
BOTH bosses
lol
the irony
of flexing
we dont have roster issues
we have attendance issues
lol
ok bro
pillar , used 2 thornlings and neither did anything useful
what now?
you kill boss without a strat so your kill is better or some meme lol?
you were dead
your guild killed bosses for you
gratz.
we used 2 thornlings
and neither absorbed a poison
well I do
but they didnt really change anything for us
i was meming a bit
theres a good chunk of good players in my guild
and some sand bags
it just shows that I wasnt dead on floor watching my guild kill the last 2 bosses
thats really all
ðŸ™‚
foty does
hes fumin atm
No no foty came at me
if you were good you wouldnt be dead on the floor for majority of your guilds Vashj kills
KT too
more than 50% of all final boss kills
foty is dead
yea my bad he probably cheer leads really
well
from the floor
hes a morale warlock
he dies so others can pump
as in he dies
i get it
your an amazing death parser
foty would just die in gurubashi
and say its his playstyle
imma try to up my death count tonight
so I caan be a better gamer
is it better to die in Vashj P1 P2 or P3 @Aloysius
whats optimal
for raid morale
static charge is a hard mechanic
thats too hard for us she just falls over
im going 10/10 tonight
10 deaths
10 bosses
only worthy warlocks get vestments
if you dont have vestments alrdy
not worthy
nope
i was 9/10
when they dropped
3 sword 1 wand 1 vestment
2 fathom
warlocks alrdy getting tier pieces
0 bracer 0 ring tho
like 4 sextant
prism
imagine not having vestments prism AND sextant
piece thats gonna be hardest to get I think is verdant sphere and boots of blasting
what replaces boots of blasting
is there any good boots in P3

he flamed me for the same tired topic for like 4 weeks.
He deserved it.
o i had original poster blocked
i blocked you along time ago
I dont get your @ s
hence why I replied to other guy
who copy pastaed your post
i click em sometimes
or I dont
whatever I feel like
p3 bis
sheesh

kinda thinkin I should sandbag bracers on my wishlist
so that I can yoink those
alrdy have all the gear that matters in this phase
sextant vestments and prism
they ARE boe
pog
yea
was thinking you could cheese with kiblers
two hunters opposite ends of room
take turns kiblers
each reset
i thoguht they did too
but then I see videos of chinese kiblers vashj cheese
and im told by hunters it still works
so idk
yea idk man
wild that ppl actually profit off wowtbc.gg
like
you can just make terrible fucking content
get a good domain
and make money
gz
1shot
1kill
1chest

its pretty busted
once you get it
you gotta start gemming red
so much hit
well depends on your gear ofc
no
i had em for weeks bro
not even close

p much only gear I have tho
o and this
i should be getting a belt soon
and fathom/fang im up for
and wand I think actually
they arent the greatest looking robes
but knowing how powerful they are
makes it better
copium
at least its not bloodvine
I like the sunfire robes
no no
you dont wear tabard if you have vestments
you gotta flex that shit
true
sunfire robes are super sick too
KT's robes
lost in the sunwell
is there some lore there
i wanna learn more about wow lore
yes
no gratz @TankYu
i got mine weeks ago
ty
do we as warlocks like KT
because hes a mage that plays fire in T5
and tops meter over his arcane bitch solarian
true he alrdy wearing it
jujutsu
is vestments technically mage bis
our mage has recently become infatuated with this chest
he knows not as good as for warlocks
but still really wants it
because its like few more crit and shit
T5 gloves and sun king are so close
ooo
well even if you use 0 of the hit
it seems like its a bit better
which was his argument
not that he actually thinks he should get them
but he wants to buy them
and goggles?
vestments seem better than they are I guess
or int/spirit is underrated or w.e
does vestments sim better than gloves if you add vates
5 vates to cross over?
on 3 minutes
sure
for sure
yea I mean this phase is all cozy and nice for us
we got it all figured out
next phase is the bloodbath
i dont tihnk fire is good next phase
its MAYBE good late sunwell
and even then mage disc seems to think its not really beter
pumper
yea thats first I have heard of fire in P3 tbh
o thats what you mean by catabolt shill
gross
your sbolt spam boy now
i thought you were talking about fathom lords spell
yea I mean its not much more fun to hit  immolate
id prolly do catabolt if I wasnt tank
since I tank
I still sac imp
on 2 fights
yea I was thinking about it
you dont but
yea
i was considering it
yea I was looking at catabolt imp searing pain spec
what fights do you think catabolt is better on
and what is better to cast immolate
yea but
not many fights actually fit that
solarian you get free taps on the transition right
reaver you get some free taps too kinda during the slam thing
it seems better on alar
on reaver
on vashj seems better too
at least for vash last phase
ye
moro  eh
dont think it really matters much on moro for me
i get it
i just gonna tap alrdy on moro
because of our prot pala strat shit
so its better on a few fights
worse on a few fights
yea it mgiht be marginally better on morogrim
but hard to show that
so imma ignore that one
so we have
reaver and alar and vash P3 so far
Leo
if not tanking
alar is fire immune
so 4 fights
if you dont tank Leo
and im losing tab immo on all trash too
or at least losing gains from imp immo there
meh
theres a good amount of trash to immo I think
yes lots to seed
yep
FLK yea
I agree
tho hmm
multi dotting  FLK
yea its PW but multi target
does that really change anything tho
immos still mana inefficient on 2 targets
if its mana inefficient on 1
13.2K * x/x+1
eh they can still die tho
from being too aggressive with their AE
ye
basically they are both equally unsafe
because a rretarded player
will be retarded
with either spell
yea but arcane explosion still rips aggro and dies
its also melee range often
and so doesnt have a 20% buffer
dumb players will die casting either spell
what a thing to argue over
??
well
the reason my prot palas are still kiting like apes
is because they still refuse to just chonk up for the fight
they are chasing parses
with spellpower trinkets
claiming they need "threat"
prot pala doesnt need threat
on that fight
you just block value and face tank it
but you know prot pala disc is gonna shill for some parse meme shit
while you kite around
with your fuckng thorns buff from flame wrath
ok dude
and im saying its a silly fucking argument
lol
id fuck witha  vate
yea multi lust isnt gonna save you from mages on tidewalker
nothing will
5 hunters
and even the arms warrior
beat the hunter
idk i think the play is not that many hunters bring more furies
or more warlocks ofc
yea
kebab is cringe
sure bro
but thats not reallly the playing field
on tidewalker at least
i bet if you look at those logs the reason they are top log is more that they have a very favorable situation for spamming aoe spells
not just the support difference
the logic is that 1 mage innervate adds more dps than 1 lock vate
you might be right
that 1 lock could do more tahn 1 mage
but its undoubtable that he gets less dps from a vate than a mage
I do wish we had 1 lock "ahlaundoh" type
that was getting hard simped
and could show the highest cap for locks
in terms of dmg
i like my guild too much
to be that guy
bit o both
hes less simped forr than alot of ppl think
but he does have some ... interestinig strategies working in his favor
usually he always has some big brain response for why what he does is actually raid dps optimal
and not just simping
liek for example "seeding on mobs that will die from cleave anyways is pointless"
yea
i would too
yea imagine full simped fire lock
with dragonlings on entire raid
and the dragonlings somehow work
if we had dragonling man
fire lock would be the god
the best
yes but haste
has some problems for mage
that locks dont have
Friend
I said same thing in P1
when ppl simped hunters
ppl told me I was an idiot
actually the same ppl who are telling you now
by the end of the phase
guess who was number 1 on mag?
warlocks.
not hunters
dont let the haters get you down
yea idk about that one
right your guilds prog is only good metric
ðŸ˜®
if I could get 1 piece of loot this raid
what would it be
prism
yea wand
thats probably right
yea
im stuck w hit neck hit cloak
such is life
i mean I ahve the spower
neck
i do

kinda slacking this raid
they dont
o YOUR warlocks
idk man
warlocks I think get bored tbh
spam bolt all the time
get no love
have to do a buncha dumb shit that isnt dmg
like being on bitch curse
banishing
tanking
mage doesnt play fire
more bolt
just makes locks check out
also you kinda get away with being lazy as lock
just tapping instead of mana pot
isnt as noticeable of an issue
as a mage skipping pot
I actually liked spriest
but spriests decided to hate locks
so now they dead
every lock main should be a dps warrior
so you can be an all around chad
that doesnt need no resources
i play arms slamma jamma
its really fun
war will be good but so will lock
in next phase
warlocks actually scale more off haste than ANY other class
because all of our dmg is affected by haste
a warrior doesnt get more bloodthirsts
with more haste
a warrior doesnt even get faster gcds
yes
but
I think its overrated fory
furys ATM already swim in rage
haste rage increases arent gonna be as big as ppl think
arpen tho
if you can see that haste is just overcapping rage, haste for warrior is really just doing more heroics faster
its good but
its not amazing like it is for lock
yea we gotta be careful
not to optimize ourselves out of dps
ele sham is prob not worth in sunwell
but noone needs to know that
13%
mayb like 15%
a hunter enhance gets 9% and 5% crit
and they dont have to twist
and this lets them fire twist
or are you asking what foty linked
i feel like if your calling fury scaling in future exponential
you have to call lock scaling exponential too
even tho neither one is actually exponential
no its not because they are already swimming in rage
there is a point where you lose that x factor from rage
because you have tons of rage
I think this is how rogues catch up in late game
they still benefit form haste energy gains
they dont completely catch up
but they close the gap
like dont get me wrong fury still gonna scale really well
but haste is a bit overrated for them
and calling it exponential is a bit crazy
yea haste on lock is very very strong
we really only want cloak
and
its not a big deal
the rings are spell power
they arent healer rings
its healers wanting SP rings
not the other way around
its 1 trash drop ring
that has SP haste
and every caster wants 2
so its aids
unless you trash farm them
but its not aids for healers
that said
lock prio
they might idk
but they shouldnt get it
ðŸ™‚
they fixed our chess loot
chess chest just didnt give loot
wouldnt open
and we spammed them
until we got good GM
you just need to
spam tickets
until you get lucky GM RNG
I didnt believe in GM help til I saw with own eyes
doom in SoM
with coeff
pog
thats the play
how you supposed to beat warriors
without a lil rain of fire pad
can you in combat the remote
yea big copium atm
we 1 shot everything last night was sick
got belt of blast
I get a 19 dps difference
5 minute fight
err oops nope I got 29 dps diff
okay
so I get same diff as @Aloysius
29 dps diff
and if I turn infinite mana on "to simulate free taps"

I get same dps for immo and Sbolt
like its not like infinite mana makes immolate better
infinite mana makes immolate equal to bolt
well
this disc also made a literal emoji making fun of ppl using cata clysm
and OFTEN harasses ppl for not using immolate
so mayb that can stop now
well in my case
there is 0 gain from immo
on infinite mana or not
thats infinte mana
casting immo in immo build
vs bolt in bolt build
well you havve to spec for immo
yea and thats not what im talking about
0 dps difference casting immo
or not
in infinite mana
immo build


tell me what i simmed wrong then
I checked all the settings think its right man
i changed fight length to 5 minutes
I do have a soulfrost enchant
and FSW boot
ok ill put T5 gear on
no infinite mana off is a significant dps loss for immo casting
but now
i had my gear on
ritssyns and FSW boots
took them off
now with infinite mana on
I get a 3 dps gain
using immo
whoopdy fuckin do
Infinite mana with Immo

infinite mana no immo

seems like immo not worth in vast majority of situations
based on this sim
yea thats why it was 3 dps last time

but this claim
I have still not seen proven
and seems to be false
if its 5 dps difference
on infinite mana
safe to say
go sbolt spam spec
yea I dont care what ppl say
I care what ppl show with evidence
sure
but is that narrow use case for immo
worth the talent points
because sbolt is better at non infinite mana
by 30 dps.
(at least in my shadow heavy gear
actually lets recheck
hildi
the one I alrdy linked
doing it again
just for you


lmao
ok
ill change fight length


i took them all off.
that is why I am now getting 23 dps gain instead of 30
the only shadow power should be
soulfrost
yes that is what is being discusssed
warlock haste ring
yep
typical

o no
all that crit rating
and spell power
wait never mind
yea realistically we just get fucked over by support classes that want loot to do no dmg
cucked by mage P1 cucked by mage P2
cucked by everryone P 3
i mean the logical thing is give items to classes that do most dps witht hem right
but in T6 case
its like all loot
is better for warlock
cant just do that
so gotta draw line somewhere
but you know noone draws that line for arcane mages
or for fury warriors
or w.e
warlocks just gonna get fucked on loot In p3
mage is one person in raid gets everything they want
fury is one person in raid gets p much everything they want
warlocks are 4 ppl in raid
gets fucked
to loot spriests
and ele shams
that gain negligible dps
haha
no thats honestly just how I see T6 going
its just life as a meta dps that gets stacked
you get fucked on loot
meanwhile if you got a singleton of whatever they generally have a better time
yea I mean its just the way it goes man
but its stupid
ppl wont prio warlocks items that are best for warlocks
but they will for mages
they will for furies
etc
i guess?
but if you think about it from ppl standpoint
you fucking over 4
to cater to 1
but you wont fuck over 2
to cater to 4
yea and prioing items to mages or furies assumes the same thing
which also isnt the case
i agree
but then mages and furies want class based prios on things
not people based
monka hmm
ok so if your warlocks are equal to others, you gonna prio them every loot in T6
?
cause your warlocks suck lmao?
yea and ppl gonna have looted hunters and mages
and say "warlocks suck"
nd not give us our best loot in game
based on that presence
Tier 6 gear is prot pala > warlock
i mean ALL loot is a bit of hyperbole
obviously that will never happen
but im just talking about the principals
thats not what I tihnk
im applying your own logic
to T6
and showing why its fucked

this logic.
ok so what are you saying
yea but you give mages all T5, nexus key, mag wand, whatever other loot they say is bis this tier right
you give your fury 1 hundred deaths, DST, glaives
but then warlocks have items that are best for them
theres 4 fucking warlocks
fighting over it
and you STILL wont give them that loot
this is just way it goes as meta dps man
ppl for some reason will simp 1 person for loot
but not 4
i think im imagining the realistic scenario
for most guilds
for warlock? Yes its insanne.
pretty standard numbers
there might be smoe deviation
point still stands if you run 2 mages tho
its actually amplified if you run 2 mages
yea and they loot both arcanes disproportionately to others in this phase
will they do same for warlocks next phase
ok
no im nor
i understand unique situations
but I do think this is the likely scenario
and you can see others chiming in essentially agreeing with me on how thats gonna go
you have Blow, th shadow priest
who wants haste rings and haste weapon and haste cloak
so he can get an extra mind flay tick
you will have ele shams doing same thing
yea man
thats all im saying
is that life as meta dps
sucks
because for some reason ppl treat you different than a one off class
and dont realise the double standard
sure
"its just easy that way"
easy for ppl who arent the meta dps
is what they mean
no im drawing a parralel between arcane in this phase, and warlocks next phase
ok lets make it simpler
ele sham and moonkin and arcane mage want nexus key. 

Many ppl will give arcane mage nexus key because bigger for said class.

Ele sham and moonking and warlock want ring of endless coils.

Alot less are gonna prio their 4 warlocks endless coils first
not really im not in your guild
right
T6 IS THAT PHASE for us
but its still unlikely
i mean that if your a meta stacked class (theres 4+ of you in raid)
you tend to get treated differently
when it comes to loot that should go to you
right but next phase its just as stupid to contest haste loot
arguably MORE stupid
but your gonna do it because ???
bnecause its bigger loot?
better loot?
yea
hunters have similar troubles
its not all just warlocks
furys in vanilla same type of shit
wll haste provides insane benefit to us
and not to ele sham or spriest
but we wont apply the same logic there
will we?
thats my argument boy.
alright.
I mean
this whole convo started with "who do you think should get haste ring prio"
and what im saying is
us, but realisticaly
we wont get it
because such is life
you can disagree or provide an alternative take
why does that matter
like what
so you gonna give that to a spriest so they can get an extra mind flay tick with 4 other haste pieces
because its a trash ring thats non unique
yes and with warlocks, ppl have to wait 4 drops
this is my entire point
that when your meta dps
you get treated differently
BECAUSE theres 4 of you
BECAUSE ppl dont wanna wait for 4 drops
yea sure
but  your actually agreeing with my general point
mayb you make a special case for farmable trash ring
right but its fine to do that when its 1 arcane
or 1 fury
or 1 tank
but when its 4 locks
its harder to do so
this is literally my ENTIRE point
it sounds like you agree
yep
but im saying it IS indeed kind of flawed logic
at least its logic that fucks over meta dps
and I agree, that such is life as a meta dps
way she fuckin goes boys
yep but it literally goes both ways. If you prio something to non warlocks (like say prot paladin Tier 6), all 4 of them have to wait
for some reason tho ppl are one sided in the way they apply that logic
no thats not how it works
1 of them waits 4 drops
1 waits 3
etc
im saying that why is the warlock waiting 4 more palatable to ppl than the protpala waiting 4?
no
thats a very bad faith statement by the way
the point im  making is that meta dps tend to get fucked
and thats just the way she fucking goes boys
sure
meta dps =  class that gets stacked
to me
it applies to resto shams probably too
just class that gets stacked
yep
yea exactly they still wait
yea so your solution is only make warlocks and hunters wait annoyingly long periods
even tho they have to by default
because they are the meta dps
the stacked class
yera exactly
the problem is
its all better for the meta dps
thats why they are the meta dps
and yet
its hard for ppl to prio things to the meta dps
because of everything we just discussed
yea exactly
and then you have an ele sham or spriest with zdoom and 2 haste rings
while your warlocks all fight over skulls
the way it should be
is if you run 4 of a class
that class should be prioed 4x the loot
of a class that is one off
the way it usually works
is you pick some items for the one off to get
and they get disproportionately looted because of it
^
yep @Freon that is the easy solution
but then ppl make exceptions for arcane mage
and hesistate to do same for locks
ONLY because theres 4 locks
but that just puts locks further in the whole, as they have 4 ppl as inherent competition from the start
im simply making the observaation that generally class prios in guilds fuck over classes that are stacked
its the way it goes
the way it should be
is if you run 4 of a class
that class should be prioed 4x the loot
of a class that is one off
the way it usually works
is you pick some items for the one off to get
and they get disproportionately looted because of it
this is what im saying
okay so now your hunters get equal prio to mage tier
whats wrong with god tier warlock getting T5 legs before arcane mage
mayb t5 is a weak example
but you get the point right
ok then hunter then
why not give hunter T5 in between arcane mages
if its about ppl
not class
is it tho
haste gear, warlock tier 6 , these are clearly ALOT better for warlocks than fucking shadow priests
or ele shamans
and since there is 4 warlocks, 4x the haste gear AT LEAST should go warlocks over spriest
but will it?
its not that I want it all man
its that I want a fair and equitable situation forallll
and im ssaying that that is not typically the case
when you play stacked class
and I accept that as the way it is
im holding player skill as equal for this convo, yes.
how are you going to gauge your warlock skill against your spriest skill anyways
agreed man
is it?
why?
yep^

yea I mean
you been trying to make me out to be goblin for 20 minutes so
not surprised you dont follow
im saying that ppl have no qualms doing that when its 1 person like an arcane or a fury
but they do when its 4 locks
and yea, I think the equitable for all solution is spriest gets 1/4 of the loot that locks fight for collectively
not the spreist gets zdoom and  haste rigns automatically
while locks fight over tier
and skull
yes.
this
thats all
but you also noted the problem
that its hard because
all loot is better for locks
and then supports just get fucked
wait so for last 30 minutes you clowned me saying I want all loot prio
and your now saying
that locks get all loot prio
??
zdoom vs TOC is a fair statement I agree btw
and so do i.
but I think the fair equitable way to make all ppl happy is to prio 4x the items to warlocks as you do spriest or ele sham
its not just hey spriest you get this haste ring and zdoom because your spriest
which is what spriest want
ignoring that warlocks ahve to fight with 3 other locks for every single item
it wasnt working very hard from the beginning so
entire thing has just been trying to make me out to be goblin
this is whats argued in the spriest document
and often repeated here
"give us haste rings and zdoom its the least you could do"
"we passed everything else"
"aka the tier 5 that was shit for us "
yea the arcane tier shit is just a little too unique situation
i mean this is just whats in the document for loot prios on spriest disc is it not
"we pass alot, give zdoom and haste ring x2 and cloak"
that one?
Ring of Ancient Knowledge - Youâ€™re most likely going to walk into Phase 3 wearing two rings  of Band of Alâ€™ar, Ring of the Fallen God, Cobalt Band of Tyrigosa, and Band of the Inevitable. These rings are INCREDIBLY powerful, and are comparable to SWP rings for you. Youâ€™re going to be passing Tier 6 and Skull of Gulâ€™dan to Locks (and Mages for Skull) so you should absolutely be getting first prio on RoAK x2
Shroud of the Highborne - This is your BiS cloak until Sunwell, and itâ€™s a healer item. Actually fucking free. If your healers complain, theyâ€™re fucking idiots. DPS prio is dope. P3 means Nethervoid Cloak and this will come out at the same time. Nethervoid for hit, this in BiS.
okay so ignore all that then?
but arent you just wasting zdoom
if you dont get other haste
to hit your break point
insane degree = extra mindflay tick
yea but then he cheekily recommends a buncha contested af loot go to him
I agree with the idea that you should give ppl something because they are humans
that show up to raid
and do good job
I dont agree with the idea that certain items should default to spriest
because that will cause disproportionate looting
just try to give players relatively even amounts of loot
in general
they will want it but its not v good for them lol
you can make use of the active
as mage
but its harder and harder to do in SWP
and they have much better alternate trinkets
so why spriest gets "first second"
and not ele sham
arent you getting spellpower offpieces
same shit
anyways we kinda aligned and agreed on that you should loot players not class
and try to be fair to all
but once again, this harkens back to ppl are totally OK prioing stuff  disproportionately to fury or arcane
but when its warlocks
its "play fair"
where as if you have 4 locks , locks SHOULD be getting 4x the loot by default
and if your trying to class prio locks,
they should be getting MORE than 4x the loot
i mean we just hashed out this discussion and heard many ppls opinions
this isnt a Unique to me situation
prot pala gets T6 first
and I would say that warlocks should get
some amount more thann 4x the loot of spriests
not every single item
but that in  general the 4 warlocks should get some amount more than 4x the loot allocated to them
if your actually giving them items because its better for their class
im not even angry bro
im just talking about
life as meta dps
stop baiting man
its cringe as fuck
last 30 minutes you been claiming I want ever piece of loot prioed and arguing in completely bad faith.
doxxious ever since I have met you I have heard 0 good takes from you, constantly blatantly wrong about everything. Only good take was on leveling specs.
Maybe stick to that
i mean we dont have this kinda drama
warlocks just get silently fucked over
and im observing why
this phenomenon happen
stacked classes have competition that isnt accounted for in loot distrubution typically.
once again doxx, your take on this matter is irrelevant to me because your constantly wrong
like your basically boy who cried wrong thing  to me
no im not.
im acting as if I understand the way these things generally go
bcause I have done this dance a few times now
on private servers
on vanilla
etc.
like just this discussion has shown that many ppl besides me are in similar situations.
THAT was a statement pertaining directly to my guild
not a broad brush
and if you read it in good faith at all
youd understand that

as in
WE
as in
MY guild
we just accept the status quo
instead of whining about it
thats likely how it will go
im saying that I dont take these gripes back to my guild and make drama
but I do discuss what I see here.
no
lol doxxious you are in so bad faith man
everything I say
you dial to 11
and assume the most extreme fucking case
it just shows how unintelligent you are really.
and its pointeless to talk to you.
im basically saying that meta stacked dps getting shit end of the stick for loot is accepted and doesnt really cause drama
to sum it up, we made observations on how class prios tend to screw over classes that are stacked. 

Noone has any actual takes or arguments, just accusing me of being "mad", wanting "all loot prioed", and taking everything I say to a ridiculous extreme.
id say the same to you sir.
yes
we 1 shot all bosses and got both raids done in 1 night yesterday
poggers
well see ðŸ™‚
we got vash p quick
vvash is harder than illidan I think
again only reason KT took so long is shitty attendance issues
KT is actually so easy
but yea the nature of my guild does lend to us strugglingp n prog sometimes so its possible it takes a bit to get illidan
after prot pala
in T6
yea I mean Id like to agree with that
but it seems its gonna go prot pala
we likely will have some threat issues in hyjal too
as in I think it will be justifiable to loot prot pala
because of the work he does in hyjal
yea I wouldnt shill TOC to prot pala
but the T6
probably
k bro
yea you come here to be a dick to ppl we get it
not to contribute anything of value
I dont care about your opinion of me
I dont hate arkan mages
I think them getting looted in this tier is only logical
and in fact its worth letting them arcfrost even if arcfire was a bit better
so they can enjoy the tier where they are the strongest
im just applying that same logic to warlocks in Tier 6.
3
if mana not an issue
the real problem is you THINK I hate arcane mages, and so everything I say you take  as some secret evil statement. Hence why you continually claim I want all loot prioed to me
and dont even bother reading my statements
just engage blindly, in bad faith.
your just not here to have a good discussion about a topic
your here to give ppl shit and troll
like mr seanranklin
Doxxious the first time I interacted with you on this discord it was when we were arguing about frost res gear on KT
and you continually hammered me because I was a new comer to the discord
along with sureshank
eventually sureshank ended up accusing me of dming him child porn to win the argument
and you guys backed off when more experienced members of the discord like stabile validated my statement
ever since then
everything you have said doxxious
has been aggressive towards me
and almost all has been verifiably false
I can link you over and over again saying verifiably false shit as facts
it happens on a weekly basis.
and you have been bad faith towards me since that very first day.
you originally talked down to me because you had better parses and I was just some guy saying stuff about frost res gear.
look at us now doxxious
ðŸ™‚
because I was right about a number of things and I dont actually act in bad faith like you claim.
also that global ban list meme lol
im banned in only mage disc
idk what that global ban list shit is
but its literally probably one malding discord mod
putting my name on some list
noone cares about.
mayb one of the mods here can tell us about the meme
because I have never seen anything come of that
i think was 4 hrs total
some dude wiped us on our way to vashj
pulled trash that we skipped
think that was only wipe tho
our loot?
I dont think I said anything
but it was godly yes
hundred deaths and caster ring off vash
and SCB for the mage
and talon of azshara
got myself a belt of blasting
double cloak off KT, meh
our run was pog because we literally 1 shot every boss
and its our 4th 1 shot in a row on vashj
only second time killing KT
and its all just super easy now it seems
we had 2 wipes one from griefer pulling skipped trash
and 1 from spicy as fuck collossus
sporequake into death mechanic poison ground
i think its good
even with infinite mana on, immolate barely  a dps gain
so even on the best fights immolate is barely better
and then theres other fights where catabolt clearly wins
no
we used 2 on first kill
they did nothing
so we stopped carnig
i wouldnt be surprised if UA is underrated
or rather aff ruin is overrated
we were just having reasonable discussion about loots until 10 losers like yourself come along to try to talk shit to me personally
you, doxx, blow, krymer, seanranklin all show up, all bad faith here to only contribute hatred and trolling
but yea im the problem
sure
from day 1 its been doxxious and the child porn accusing boys vs me
yet yea im the problem
not the old boys that accuse ppl of linking child porn when they lose argument
loool
yea I always thuoght UA and aff ruin were really close
and that if the fight favored multi dotting
UA might win out
but then it kinda slowly became
"aff ruin or bust"
you repeatedly argued in bad faith, claiming I want prio on all loot. Intentionally steering the conversation to be adversarial.
because you want to stir the pot
and have entertaining drama
thats trolling.
yea I dont think balance is that bad tbh
having mages warlocks furys and hunters
all competing on meters
is a pretty healthy situation to be in
mayb rogues are a bit undertuned but
balance seems pretty fine
IMO moonkin/ele/supports etc SHOULD be less performant than "pure" dps classes
the thing is you have the imbalance being perceived to be more extreme than it is, because of self fulfilling prophecies
one class might be only 5% better
but on WCL its 15% better
because they get double lust
and all the support
like furys are overrated by being in BM / Feral groups
i feel like glaive rogues and furies will still be competing
mayb not on hyjal trash
and mages will be too
we might overtake mages in the raw WCL %s
but in a real raid mages will be competing
if you have 4-5 classes competing
thats pretty good man
could be alot worse
thats a kek
o
yea I dont think furies gonna be this untouchable god
but I think they will be competitive
arpen is pretty big
so is spell haste
yea but its not just glaives bringing them up
arpen gear is sick
yea so I think they will both be clappin cheeks
and it will be relatively healthy balance of a few dps classes competing
warlocks might still be king kong but can still lose on the meters
im getting burned out of warlock.
lol
warlocks is sleeper man
yep
agreed
never got behind the
Aff ruin or your dogshit
meme
aff is barely worth as is
aff ruin is less enjoyable to play than UA
yea
its not a fun thing to play
like way I see aff is run it if someone enjoys it
but noone is gonna enjoy aff ruin
more than destro
its just too cucked
lol
i could fucks with some UA gameplay tho
eh you add siphon
but yea
roll new class
you just have decision points on trash
when to dot the trash
when not to
probably
you get an 11k bolt?
I only get like 10.5
and thats when everythings rolling
yea with full necks and everything rolling probably getting close to 11k
i thought these fights seemed good to UA
lots of multi dot opportunities
sure
oof
that sucks
yea even leo I guess
can grief you
oof for void reaver as well
FLK probably pretty fun for UA tho
also thought you might get cheeky on KT
with dots on everything in P3
lol yea we at same point
yea tru
but its kinda a cool thing
it seems like its gonna be ahrd for us to actually push in first demon
only when you phase him in Demon form.
if you phase him in human form. hes unattackable
which is what we are discussing ,yes.
so now our dps is at a point where we phase him in second human
and not in second demon
so we kinda grief ourselves
mayb what we do is
dont lust til hes 15%
and mayb that will make us push in demon again
and then try to one shot him while he emotes
instead of lusting early
and pushing him in human
ye
thats sick
you can actually have 3 double lust groups if you want
theres a weakaura now that can swap all the core dps into 3 groups
lust
and swap back
since you have 6 shaman
https://wago.io/dIGowKxaV
you need someone on another account
just open outside of raid
they hit 1 button
and all swaps you setup happen
and you can have like  swaps in a way that you double lust 3 different groups
you just dont lust moonkins spriests aff locks
yea 26th man is cringe
but the idea of just having 26th accuont
and clicking one button
true
o no another person who constantly trolls and doesnt contribute anything blocked me
and is now telling everyone he blocked me
whatever will I do
haha
^ I was looking for that
cheater?
oof
this probably exists
thing is
if you swap ppl out of like a battleshout group they lose battle shout
so swapping around for smart PoH
is probably good for OP healing
but not so good for raid pump
i kinda really wanna see a smart PoH thing now
mayb healers will stop caring parses
if they are farmed by bots
probably not tho
true actually
it would make normal healing basically impossible
but if you could carry the whole raid with 2 PoHers or something
leave tank in his spot and let someone spam tank
idk if you can programatically access health values in a weakaura
can you make a weakaura that reacts to HP values and swaps even
good question I need to sim that
i been using sex pipe
@jpaint
paint is pumpin
and is using sex pipe
but hes fire
and theres some weird nuance about sextant and fire
You love to see it
he said that
but hes probably change his mind cause hes farming his other locks
@jpaint confirm

overall last raid
whats his secret
yea but then again crit = ISB
ye
fair enough
yea
lol
how did they lose 100 IQ
like what happened
just ppl ripping and dying and shit
?
aff parsing easy right
dont tell Hathos
yea same thing when I tried aff :p
aff is fun
at least nice change of pace
decent
but
cmon
losing to maximum zug
have to read that like laty btw
maximoom zoog
do you use seed set
what you doing on trash
sappers?
as in lurker platforms?
7k on lurker platforms
how
so wait

is it 7k
or 4k
like everyone else
o lol
ok dude
yea your platforms look same as my platforms
7k was a bait
i have to mana pot but I could see using destro
if everyone was try hard
killing it a bit faster
on closer inspection you doing a bit more on average
I think its just mana/dps tho
Im tapping out at the end
need to dark rune
yea
its rough out there

got mine tho
@Hathos These ppl think aff parsing is a joke
pls inform them
yea you exist here to talk shit
point stands
I think  conversation about double standard between singleton dps and stacked dps was interesting
and didnt have to be just fighting about ppl who think i want every item prio
but hey
is what it is
nah there was some ppl engaging in good faith
like vedo or whatever his name is
also as much as you pretend you dont mean things in a negative way, you just do man. You sat there for a long ass time arguing in bad faith about somethign you "werent interested in"
because thats just what you do
on this disc
its just class discord shenanigans
90% of ppl argue in bad faith
trying to demonize whatever statement they see
nah its not
its a sum of many many comments
theres just 1 comment that paints it clear as day
do ppl profit off discords
you you mods see a kick back
secretly paid to shill for icyveins
or some shit
pog
hey zephan
what is the global ban list
and why does cringe fight club mod say Im on it
and yet noone ban me
you get a lil paycut from donations from sim and wowhead article writing tho yea?
tho idk if anyone actually donates
what is "the global class discord ban list"
is this actually a thing
or a meme
im kinda surprised noone tries to sponsor a lil discord
yea I mean thats how this fight club mod make it sound
like everyone had a round table and put me on some ban list
lol
classic tactic to lose your role
say you love it
oof
is any of you a god programmer thats used Spark alot
ill pay wow gold for help pls
looool
dps warriors poggers
even arms feels great man
god
i wish
i mean if you play kebab
but I think 2h slam is kinda its own thing
doesnt float eveyones boat but its pretty satisfying to me
its better then kebab
kebab is better if you have 300 ms + reaction times
I get 100-200 reliablys
sometimes under 100
i mean on cleave kebab is even worse
yes
it is
ill explain why
yea you can use ALL SS charges as arms
if you arent dogshit
as slam arms
and you get huge 2h hits with every SS charges
thats why arms slam does so well on cleave
theres a reason arms is right up there on maulgar
actually if you ask ahlaundoh hell tell you arms is better than fury on short cleaves
miley was riding his ass in HKM without BM feral group
I mean slam with SS up is your best DPR abil
and helps you dump those SS charges
alot of ppl dont know this
misplay slam
and then say they do better with kebab
mhmm
it is
kebab is
like stabile said
cucked fury
arms slam is a chad especially when he beats the fury
haha
auto slam in MC was nutters
I got a BRE that week
1 week of auto slam with BRE
was awesme
but yea I fully think slam beats kebab on cleave/ sims agree/ 2 big dick warrs on fight club competed on dummys on PTR and slam won every time
by a good margin
slam is 100% better than kebab
kebab is for grandpa reactions
and ppl that wish they were fury
which I mean if you hate slam playstyle
fair enough
do what you want
but its 100% not better than slam
MAYBE with glaives its better.
if you say that kebab is better your just saying your not good enough to play slam ðŸ™‚
loool
its gonna happen relevus
its gonna be gross
yea I mean not in my guild
but it will happen
one reason to play kebab is if you raid lead
its kinda hard to pay attn to the game and swing timer for slam
2 prot palas?
isnt 1 prot pala how most ppl learn the fight
2 prot pala is some srs training wheels
ye lol
of course lol
a single prot pala can stand still facetanking both waves
with T4 basic gear
but most kite because they run spellpower not block value
for their parsing
and I mald everytime
yea but threat gen doesnt matter
and you make up that threat gen with blocking anyways
i mean
just stay on boss
dont seed insta
you have tons of time
theres no rush
theres no need for prot pala to have threat at all
just wait more
or you just run chonk as fuck
stand still
and tank the mobs
like a normal fuckin tank
thing is everyone wanna run SP trinkets
to parse
sure
it does depend a bit
if your timer is tight
mayb you need some threat
MAYBE
but I think in most cases prot palas are meme parsing and not gearing correctly
yes.
my prot pala made some meme arguments about SP to gloves being better
I proved him wrong because he didnt know the threat to gloves scales  multiplicatively with his 90% threat modifier
using his own math
and he still dont enchant threat even now he knows its better
because parsing
yea
tanks gonna be tanks
yea what stabile said
its free dmg
but bear does it better
(if you dont need the survivability)
yep
tho
honestly infinite rage is a meme
noone has infinite rage actually
with shield on
so dual wield is always a gain
for TPS
but
yea it just doesnt pay off at  a very good rate
TPS for DTPS
kinda.... until they arent
stabiles point would be that DW tidewalker is pointless
because
tide is infi rage
but you still get spats where you dont actually have infinite rage on tidewalker
but sure
DW is smaller
the more rage you have
to the point where its just bad
in some cases
and bear does it better
bear rage is better tho isnt it
i bet youll be hard pressed to find a similar white hit % for prot warr
hows that compare to your 3 white hit bera
bear*
how many mauls
yea so
way more white uptime % for prot
true
im just saying DW would have SOME value for TPS
even if its small
no fight is true infi rage
mayb its close
ye
yea
true
yep
shield armor irrelevant too right
i mean you get some tanky stats from a shield
but yea DW hyrdross
righjt
not worth
you DO get free revenge procs
yea
but the best warrrior tanks realised they shouldnt play warrior tank before tbc came out
prot warriors in TBC didnt have the tanking knowledge to not play prot warrior in tbc
so by default
they are all bad
yea for sure
theres good monocats
theres good smite priests even
okay mayb that was a stretch
haha
yea thats the big ???? tho
its like
you need feral MT for threat
but at same time
you dont???
lol
yea I think mayb in BT prot warr will hit their wall
whre they are actually threat capping ppl
yea except bear is the fury prot
that still scales
really fuckin good
yee the warr gear in T6
but yo the pvp set has resil + arpen
could be poggers
i think they will just use full pvp
overcap resil respec fury for enrage
enrage procs with resil is interesting interaction
so basically, ppl were upset that their crit based talents were nerfed by their resilience
like enrage
so they made crit based talents ignore resilience
it like
calculates the chance you would get crit without resil
but even overcapping resil
increases the chance
right?
interesting prospects
i think on sims enrage becomes "worth" in bis pvp gear next phase
but I dont think those sims knew you could overcap resil
to get even more juice from enrage
so theres this narrow possibly unexplored option for prot warr
but yea
your right
fury sub prot also gets piercing and commanding presnce
but yea
its not turning them into a feral
lol
gj bro
hahaha
pls we need a third flexing screenshot
yea this is defnitely not an excuse to link your parses
for sure bro
nothing to see here
yea staff  poggers lmao
i knew you were a mage
from minute I met you
yea there might be a few straggler guilds that keep finding ways for prot warrs
but
most will just go feral and not look back
mayb 1 illidan kill with prot war
and its over
they arent immune to the debuff tho
idk for prog prot warr is the safe play
whether guilds care about that
who knows
they probably figure it out on PTR
and first live kill is feral
intervene yea
yea
also of course sean ranklin plays gnome
smh
???
keep tagging me ill just block lol
i dont think anyone wants to read you tagging me while you flex
dont be a cringe orbiter im not your favorite streamer
ðŸ™‚
gz
@jpaint are you currently in a hit crisis
yea im putting off regemming til I get a few more pieces
that makes me feel cozy inside
do you think its actually extra rare item
or just RNG
jpaint face cam next lock talk
he got vestments
if I accidentally move he does that
and mayb on rare occasion without moving
but positioning was still fine
as long as you arent literally melee range
its fine
I got leet capernian strat down now
complete with fix for if she decides to run in raid
because I was slow on shadowburn or something
lmao
you get conflagged
you dont get stunned
you just take the dmg
o
i mean I buff myself once
and im good
I dont
but its possible that someone overwrites yours? and then goes out of range? mayb?
right hence why I give myself the buff
and its fine
correct
cata is the play for shadow
crix smartest person on lock talk
ill swipe for mount training if I get ashes
ez
melee are cleaving sang and telon
casters are killin thal then cap
i did some sims today
even on full infinite mana, immolate is like 3 dps gain
and on non infinite mana
Sbolt cata is like 20-30 dps ahead
so then you say well immo is tiny bit better with infinite mana
but bolt cata is WAY better without infinite mana
and your like
okay probably sbolt cata is the play
i described the dps differences
above
you can read all my posts if you would like


i did 300 and 120 seconds
results were similar
I did my P2 gear first
then I realised I have some shadow pieces like ritssyns
and replaced with P2 bis pieces
but some is still not P2 bis, just what I was wearing
by all means run your own sims with your own gear
and share your results
but after that
im convinced to do catabolt
basically dropping immolate/emberstorm talents
in favor of things that spam bolts better
i mean if he specs for it
sure man
or you could just seed
but yea
you can get some points if you dont take nether protect
in a few diff opptions
soul leech is pretty cozy
if im just spamming bolts anyway
i know
cant take nether prot
probably gonna do catabolt with Imp searing pain for tanking
and yea if I crit soul leech heals for like 3k
really nice for vash imo
fuck relying on healers
I wanna tap when I wanna tap
and not fucking die insta
I mean I had that feelscraft
that immo felt kinda bad
and then I simmed it
and it was confirmed in sim
shrug
some meme about emberstorm hellfire
isnt very convincing
yep yep yep
yea whatever
well no
it doesnt
I used hildi
sim
starts here
v
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/900414104714502144
you can see my sim results posted
or you could just sim it yourself
feels like your talking out of your ass Skript tbh
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/900414104714502144


thats dps difference without infinite mana
infinite mana with immo
no immo

I mean go sim your own gear bro
its gonna be the same
I promise.
you clearly havent
the gear I used
is my own shadow gear
but replaced ritssyns with verdant sphere neck
and FSW boots with boots of blasting
so that I wasnt overly favoring shadow
do you have some shadow favored gear on
I mean that IS shown on my screenshots
yea same but I got a small gain for immo on infi mana
yea, w.e
mayb run  more iterations t be sure
yes
but that is on infinite mana
and only 5 dps worse
whereas its 20+ dps better
with no infinite mana
yea
im convinced to bolt spam at this point
crix wins
i guess thats true
but that should favor sbolting more heavily
crit good for bolting
i had immolate for a phas
id rather use whats better
like its enticing because
I get to gain soul leech
Ill do better on Alar
Ill do better on many other fights as wel
apparently
and on a true infinite mana fight, of which only a few exist
im losing like 5 dps max
big whoop
lurker is nearly infinite mana
but not true infinite
whats wrong with my assessment paint
immo is fucking piddly 2-5 dps on infinite mana
lol
okay
I mean you typically say "ppl dont understand applied mathematics so they think bolt spam is good"
tell me
how do I apply this math
to prove that immolate is good
make an actual case for once
instead of dodging
:p
why are average dmgs of abilities better metrics than event based simulations
are you saying somethings wrong with the sim?
yea its kinda interesting seeing paint doing the same weird argument tactics he calls ppl out on
like linking a top parse
sims were life
when they agreed with you
now sims dont agree
and dodging
interesting
lemme know if anyone makes an interesting case for immolate
until then
we be bolting
lol
trooo
thats a jpaint answer
for sure
show me
3 dps on sim with full infinite mana
lol
ok
lol
I posted my settings
noone had any qualms with them
120 seconds?
ugh I dont wanna open the sim right now
im tryna figure something out
fuuuk
yea I mean its possible I fucked some settings
but I looked them over
and earlier many ppl got similar results to me
as did someone just now
well it has min and max fight length
that should iron out "strange break points" no?
yea
I mean thats all I have gotten from ppl
'you simmed wrong'
and alot of 'i get same results'
I mean it also comes down to crit and ISB uptime
i will later I guess
its also late for me
yea and also bolt spam will have higher ISB than immo users
I think
yea mayb the crit is edging immolate out
and spellpower
yes
yea I mean
im not even doing that
I left ISB uptime the same
in comparison
thats nuts bro
yea i didnt sim corrupt
can you sum up what results you got on what fight length
210/150 as min/max?
and
results?
with infi mana and no mana?
interesting
yea I didnt have T4 gear
I have vestments and shit
perhaps we are seeing a crossover point in T5 gear?
and jc necks and shit etc
now we getting somewhere ðŸ™‚
haha!
i also have FSW boots and ritssyns in current best setup
so shadow bolt spam
is de way
never got crit neck
no boots of blasting
and vestments is too much hit now
i could use moroes neck if I regemmed
but im waiting for boots of blasting
yes
but I can put red gems in blasting
rather than red gems in gear imma replace
you know?
10k crits was anice coom when swapping shadow
Just pretend incin wasnt alrdy 9k
Jpaint gonna link a 10k incin now
Ye
I get it when trinkets are rolling
Sextant + icon
10.5k
Pi also doesnt add dmg btw
You can use mds onto tanks to sonewhat limit thaladred shit
Yea
If it was chaos. Why wear fire res
Lol
Crit from sextant increase isb uptime. Haste procs at bad times make quahs wprse than sim says
Yes
Basically my default passive trink atm
Double active for like alar and vashj
yea
paint pumps w it
as fire
are you affliction?
yea
but proc on crit
means at least you get procs while your bolting
not fucking moving and casting conflag
or something
lemme tell you a secret
that fury warrior in your raid
does not give a fuck
about raid dps
and playing optimally
hes gonna cleave anything and everything he can
regardless of raid benefit

i just procced this
with a crit healthstone
out of combat
before a pull
nice game
i mean i thought it was meme til I ran sims
you can actually resnapshot whenever you want
wearing whatever gear you want
in the settings thers like an add a character
and you need to go to wowforum
and make that your active character
it will load up your gear and update your avatar
then WCL  will steal that avatar
warlocks are decent with no wbuffs
warriors should still be king if they are good
but
I played in a casual guild on alt lock and toppped meters alot
because flasks are very strong and not  a world buff
i mean what is low gear tho
warrior in even prebis should clap everyone
yea if its not even prebis mayb
god i forgot about that part of early warlock
that bosses randomly resist all your shit
like not becuase of hit
but because blizz just trolling
my favorite fight is magmadar @Crix
the good good doom pad
err
golemag *
alot of classic vet players probably dont even know the actual strats for killing some bosses
no wbuffs
just been in try hard wbuffs guilds that skip mechanics their entire career
SOM might be some laughs
like do you think Sarthe knows your supposed to taunt juggle Golemag
doubt it
firemaw with no wbuffs no UBRS buff
you actually want a nice fire res set so you can do dps
yea in a non wbuffed prog kill gole is supposed to put so many stacks on your tank
that he dies
if you dont taunt
and tank swap
thats how its supposed to be lol
and the dogs clap you if you dont bring them out of range of boss
they are enraged if you leave at his feet
but everyone just ignored all the mechanics
its not a hard mechanic its just taunt boss when tank gets 10 stakcs or w.e
but its a mechanic
why
yea , it might still be trivial
yea you decurse not try to heal parse
lol
I have had her become los in the statue once
just pulled out tho
remember when we thought we needed 20 heroic mech gems
for bis gear
i bet most of you dont even have 1 H mech gem
i refarmed my gem last night
had it in spellstrike legs
now T5 legs
but im kinda puzzled about how to optimally gem atm
!t5bis
anyone know optimal placement of blue gems?
ill be going engi
when I ever get boots
eh
but then you MAY also have to throw a yellow
and that seems bad
can be
but isnt
in some cases
like
if I have all my hit
im gemming crit/sp
which seems not worth
you have 5 SP 6 stam + 5 SP 4 crit to get a 5 SP socket bonus
Total: 15 SP 4 crit

or you just do 2 reds for 18 SP total
crit is like 0.8 at best
so you are losing like 1 SP
to get 6 stam
err
18 true
so that does seem kinda worth I guess
for vestments
its more dicey
because its 2 ORANGEs
and a blue
you gained 1/1000 of your dps
or rather mayb like 0.5 / 1000 of your dps
0.05%
thats huge bro
i think if you cant fit hit gems in vestments
its not optimal
to orange gem it
and take bonus
just do reds
ya
do you think astro pants is true bis?
astro+engi?
probably no pvp weapon
3 gem slot pants
orange hit yea?
I guess my problem is I still only have hit neck hit cloak
and probably be like that for a while
So I wont be able to gem hit like that
for a minute
Moroes neck
or can wear ritssyns
yea
thats true
that was actualllly my original logic for getting this neck
instead of prince
way back
at start
well
you just swap a ring bro
or something
no orange hit gems surely
hes using astromancer so that he can gem orange as much as possible
well Louki is saying
that he can gem orange heavily with astromancer setup
basically hes not getting hit from his pants
so that lets him gem hit
you got a 70 upgrrades @Louki
and I guess that works out better for him with the hit on S2 weapon
slightly
sounds like youll wind up overhit with S2 weapon yea?
shifting nightmare?
over blasting?
hm
when I get a chance ill do some sims comparing the setups
Can you eli5 pls
ToT?
Beast within
?
Hunters suck feral to melee
You love to see it
Yep
I mean warriors just shit on hunters on overall
Giving them crit is good
Yee
I got it
Havent been getting 1 shot tho
No
Leave up priest
I got almost 1 shot once
Ye mayb i didnt notice
Should I do catabolt spec
None
Catabolt sims like 20-30 dps higher and immolate on infinite mana like 5-10 dps
So catabolt seems worth
Was crix right on lock talk
Jpaint just said "do math on average dmg of spells" and ran away
But a simis essentially a spell dmg calculator
Why bother doing napkin math
i dont think that cloak is bis for all casters
it sims worse than illidan cloak on a mage
Doubt its actually bis for spriest
but how can anyone know right
no sim
nearly 30 dps gain for me
on various fight lens
immolate is what is 5 dps....
on complete infinite mana
and my gear is p dam good
im doubtful that if I put in T5 bis the results would be different
but yea just wear what sims best is a fine answer
just kinda weird that you apply that logic of "5 dps" to cata but not to immolate
for us I think its still bis
but probably pretty narrow over illidari

@Aloysius
are you trolling scan
how do you still now know answer to this
yes you can re-equip them
it doesnt say requires tailoring
i know scan a bit
he should know this
it depends on fight imo
if quags alwys procs at good times
its better than double active
but some fights that is hard to have happen
like alar
lots of movement and dive bomb phase and shit
lurker
submerge after proc
or dead adds during proc
vashj
KT
all these fights have this issue
okay
your helping warlock
you get a pass
disagree hard
I think prism is huge for seeding
like Louki said
if your really pushing
its better
hyjal trash
that shit might be irreplaceable
for killing it as fast as possible
ah shit
might be trivial to tank
but if you wanna cast on the rip
you probably still want it
you have enough hunters to do this?
1000 per crit
700 with salv
the best asset
is that its passive
and I can just swap it on
real fast
Skip it
Lol
I use SP food flask etc
Normal consumes
Stam is actually really good and important
To a point
Nothing wrong w playing it safe week 1
I also shill for tanks to forget threat and chonk up on week 1 prog
But leo tanking was solved before release
Save it
1k * your threat modifier
I think
prism lets me seed more safely yes
other locks occasionally ripping on lurker platform
and im cozy   w prism
on extended fights over aoe cap seed doesnt really rip
it seems that it can if under cap tho
right
haste that descales longer fight goes
some locks
need to curse
I use fetish and typically top on seed trash over other locks but I also use seed set shrug
I am able to seed earlier and not rip in my raid
Your mileage may vary
I mean mayb if your pala is sapper pull
or you do sapper MDs
they did
until I flamed the fuck outta them
healer shamans turned ele
thnk dps just play without respecting threat
"its my bis single target rotation to use chain lightning  I must use it asap"
you think I get to just whirlwind on the pull on my warrior?
Seed on the pull on my warlock?
lmao
exposed
if your using doom as aff
thats a free parse
sorry paint made it sound like your using doom
your now making it sound like that is not the case
disregard
reading
is
hard
siphon life destro best affliction spec out there baby
thats a aff ruin type spec
seems fine
?
and yea
bad
math
true
yea your an incinerate bot not a warlock
we know
i think WCL actually uses that spec detection to determine your spec now tho
not just what spells you cast
@jpaint will you ever go MGI
as promised
as was foretold
hes more like anakin
was chosen one
fell to dark side
killed women and children
in pursuit of power
hates sand prolly
lmao
RIP
for a long time I was very concerned about rolling lock becuase I didnt have black book
I actually made my guild kill razor a few tiems
rremember fierywind telling us he manages to keep his imp alive on most fights
big scam?
or is he just gamer god
4 weeks in arow vashj 1 shot
sure its wipeable
but every fight is
???
I can make whatever argument I want
Only guilds that progged 40 attempts on PTR can make that argument or what?
I dont see us not killing her earlier as a problem with RNG on the fight
I understand theres RNG
but I think once we figured out a few things its pretty solid
what
Im trying to read this
its just mad that you go from "vash RNG can fuck you"
and "I go 1 shot every 4 weeks like every other fight"
yea?
some guilds take a long time to kill tidewalker too
or any other boss
ironically I think Tidewalker is more RNG than vashj
mhmm
tho you can still kill boss with prot pala grave
and you can still kill boss with shitty melee wombo combo on vash
or whatever RNG you are afraid of is
eh
I guess if we wipe a bunch because of that mayb ill change mymind
but just because someone can get MCed and heal boss doesnt mean its wiping you
just like someone can get graved
Yea Vashj is the hardest fight
I just dont think its super RNG I tihnk ppl who wipe alot on Vashj even after clearing are doing something wrong
also I cant believe you trollin me so hard about 9/10 and prog shit
when you yourself are 9/10?
sheesh bro
chilll
you were before lol
eh
Im just saying you can get it down pretty solid
and it feels like any other fight in terms of some shit can go wrong and wipe you
im more scared of retards blowing up alar adds now
or zugging on thaldred
yes
iddk
they can make it whatever they want to make it
and often do listen to top guilds over the masses
for example they flip flopped on Nefarian adds multiple times
the skeles that spawn
they have been wholly inconsistent with what dmg does or doesnt count throughout classic
Magmadar adds counted and those are the silliest things to pad on the planet
they dont even die
gole srry
then they are like no skeles dont count because sapper strong
but those are actually necessary to kill for most guilds
just speedrunners want to get parses while they skip adds and nuke boss
then there was some weird shit in AQ too cant remember
ppl padded on Faerlinas mind control adds
in Naxx
which your not supposed to kil
mayb it was bug trio boss that spawns a buncha adds didnt count
or adds counting on emps
see p servers just all skipped the fuck out of it
silly WCL made every guild a wannabe speedrunner
fishin for butterfly spawns
well I hve some tips that helped us
it did take a good 20 attempts or something for us
because we gotta fuck everything up
before we do it right
melee dying to thaladred has to end fast, just stop zugging the thing and respect the fuck outta the mechanic
i play super safe on my warrior and still top the meter because melee is just so strong in the later phases
dont stress cause you arent parsing phase 1
I go from bottom meter to top
by end of fight
yea sure
but for prog man
just dont fucking die
warlock tanking the statue is helpful
I do maneuver around the statue when she decides to be stupid
opening shadowburn helped alot
shit can get hectic P5 and kinda be dps checky as shit unravels and ppl die like Vashj
but it doesnt feel like a dps check
if your getting to P 5 you can probably kill the boss.
we didnt have a good strat for P4 for a while
we kited the phoenixes
when we killed we just had pala stand still
and hold phoenixes
we still killed the eggs tho.
I know that but I am
I havent got insta conflagged yet
mayb its wrong
but tank eats first conflag
and then in P4
i can eat conflag
nbd
staff buff
sure its better not to but
id rather just keep her still
i move out to max range
after its solid
If I get conflagged off the rip in P1 tho Ill just go searing pain macro
what if my first searing resists?
shes not gonna move?
yea she is
theres always a chance ye know
but I got a nice little maneuver around the statue now
so I can fix her position
after the initial weird shit she does
yea but if first searing resists P1
she will run
its just gonna happen
you can throw your hands up and wipe
or you can have an answer
answers pretty easy
assuming noone heals or rips aggro in anyway
surre
fine to be exhaustive as all fuck , if I get 2 resists
ssomeone has to HEAL who shes hitting
whoever it is
then she moves
and I do my statue thingy
im not rguing about burn vs pain here still
is that what you think we are arguing about
yea sure searing pain macro might be better
im just saying sometimes she might fuckin run in the raid its good to have a counter play
thats it
not saying
anything more
yea
im basically just dpsing cap in that phase its not so bad
searing pain like 3 times and spam bolts while ppl hit thal
vates/pi
bro its not just chinese players
did you see mages last phase
spell steal
on  4 bosses
like its all degen as fuck
ppl were taking the enslaved demon dogs around
to juice kill times
lol
maulgar then?
like
nothing matters
we are all particles
lul
TONS of ppl were running 1 healer
and zoning out
cuase they couldnt even actually kill the fucking boss
witht heir comp
yea degens froom all over the world
were fucking force wiping on mag
for better RNG
this chinese guy just did a really good job of cheesing
lol
yep^
i mean doing some harder parse strats can be cool
when its like a hard mode
but
maulgar shit
and wiping for RNG
is just
gross man
but it is what it is
compete in your guild
dont rely on lumberjack website
you can still get pink parses doing normal shit
and thats good enough for most ppl
it was a big enough challenge
for 15 years
on private servers
ppl are just cracked out
from pink numbers
i have rank 1 netherspite arms warrior parse
dont @ me
dam bro
i kinda think warlocks are easy and parsing doesnt really show skill
just get good environment good killtimes
tru
but warlock 100s just seem more RNG than some other classes
that have more room for error
yea prolly arcane
i was thinking fury
yea I was gonna say arcane is kinda just 1 button spam
but im not sure
top parse might be clever planning mana cds/cd use and shit
but itsprobably just
spam arcane blast
get 6 buffs
kill boss really fast
I mean if we all spam shadowbolt the same
on a PW fight
use our cds same time
like thers not alot of skill diff man
and the person who gets 10% more crits on said patchwerk WILL win
some ppl will
how many bolts do you get in 3 minutes
as warlock?
yea I guess that true
thats kinda the exception not the rule tho
eh I mean theres some warlocks that are clearly bad in my guild
but theres also one dude
who is pretty dam on it
at least on bosses
not so much on trash
and it just feels like who crits more wins
yea im just saying on other classes I feel like theres usually a bit more room for error
and usually one or the other good player will still make some mistakes
that leads to his loss
on warlock you can realistically have identical fight
to someone else
i think the CQS macro is actually kinda huge
forr always being casting
but that alones not enough to drop 10 casts
idk he probably stoner barined
also theres like min maxing how you tap
yea
just feels like you hit a cieling on warlock
sometimes I feel like I played perfect and just had some shit crits
i never feel like that on my warr
eh its not that consistent
lol
but id be lying if I said I wasnt getting a bit bored w lock
ye
well bounce back in T6 copium
do they stay pve spec
or take SLow
if your lusting 2 min later alot of classes have their cds up again
melee gets more out of lust in cds
than warlocks do
100%
even single target
i simmed it
arms and rogue cds are strong too
best classes to lust with cds up are :
warrior > rogue > warlock/mage > hunter
without cds
warlock is best
I simmed that to.
they scale okay with CDs
but they arent grteat w haste
eh I simmed hunters w cds
and lust
vs warlock
warlock win
hunter disc said yea prolly tru
its aight
isnt badge helm better
lol yall got trinkets this isnt a trade
lol yall got trinkets this isnt a trade
Skull is minor because you have really good trinkets
SCB is an amazing trinket. So is ashtongue.
This is like you getting T5 first because its better for you. SKull better for us. You dont get weapon prio as consolation prize
doesnt share mages
yea
I havent simmed ashtongue after the gcd cap but I actually did sim those trinkets quite a bit more than most mages
why does 1 mage in a raid think he should automatically get any item in the next tier?

Its not like "k you 4 locks get skull so I get first weapon as only mage".....
Its jsut caster loot give it out fairly and evenly
there is no grand exchange here
where mages get same amount of loot as warlocks
thers 4 warlocks 1 mage in alot of raids
the loot distribution should reflect that.
its not o im mage a diff class than you so I need an item prio directly to me
its just caster loot
divvy it up
yea its like mage getting T5 prio cause its better forr them. Each other caster class doesnt get some special item prio to them as a consolation prize
you do loot evenly amongst all casters
you dont just give mage weap first because skull is bad for him
Im happy that your working on it anus
im just saying this is some interesting logic coming out of mages
4 warlocks could take months to get skull and you think that means you should just get weapon before all of them
automatically
no you dont automatically get bis gear prio direct to you every tier
caster loot should be distributed evenly amongst casters
I mean anus has come here directly to troll many times so
im not hostile
Im disagreeing with the concept you present
I dont think locks care much which weapon they get
but im not trying to have some situation where "zdoom TOC is mage spriest prio first regardless of what drops"
rng is rng
distribute loot evenly
amongst casters
if theres 4 warlocks in the raid and 1 mage. Its not like o 1 mage gets this item 4 locks fight over skull
yea lol
mayb now adays its min max to use vash robe and obliv pants
but my spellstrikes are crit gemmed
so just using that
lmao you cant see what ppl use on trash in WCL
gotta love seeing hathos get own
Just a meme for "theorycrafters" ofc
step 1 : Dont have oblivion set and be too lazy to farm it 
step 2: Watch one lock's POV on prog week speedclear and don't see him using it 
step 3: Pretend that all locks in all good guilds arent using it because you cant see it on WCL
step 4: Dont get seed set under this justification
step 5: Come to this discord and insult everyone based on your conclusions
seed set is actually better for affli probs cause the talent affects the set bonus?

Does this talent affect AOE cap?
Like curse of elements does?
why do we call them external mods and not debuffs
are we just nerds
spriest disc asked me that
ye right modifier is same they just get less threat
i fucked up
hunters were also OP on private servers
I remember all you simping hunters because they topped some meters early TBC. From the start, hunters havent been up to expectations from private servers, their steady shot does less dmg for some weird reason, they cant use their OP macro, they have haste clipping issues
they gonna be bad dude
kekw
not bring a hunter
sure
bring one token hunter for MD and hunters mark and shit
w.e
hunter wont be really good in T6+
hunter will be completely eclipsed by warriors by then
why run hunter and not fury on council
shadow res for council?
hunters are strong in full shadow res?
yea sure
i mean hunters have their place in dad comp
but I expect them to be
below warlock, mage, fury, for rest of game
and mayb rogue coming out above them as well
ppl think melee heavy illidan will phase before demon
his HP is like 1/4 of priv servers
that killed him in like 12 minutes
I dont think anyone knows for sure but ppl know what pre nerf illidan HP was
and going off that
I dont recall all the numbers

but this isnt gonna get better for hunters
arpen gear and spell haste gear will put them further behind
since their pet doesnt pen
and so will phys haste in T6
since their pet doesnt haste, and hunters dont haste either
mayb 1 in 100 hunters play properly around haste
mayb even less
meh alot of fights are hunter friendly too
KT
Solarian
low armor boss they get full uptime
meanwhile melee literally sits out for capernian
and still shits on hunter
well hunters do really well on solarian paint
better than warlocks
for a reason
you dont reallly need aoe for solarian
like 3 ppl with cleave spells
and your good
having to wingclip a few MCs is not nearly as bad as melee having to sit out
and they still shit all over hunters
yea paints just wanting to argue
lol
doxxious links all percentiles
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/zone/statistics/1010#boss=732&dataset=99
heres 99th percentile

Doxxious big dumb lol
at this point with you doxxious, yea
srry.
lol
ok paint
cringe paint
you said solarian was a bad fight for hunters
now your trying to double down on me
and forget being blatantly wrong
pet down time??? lmao as in the same down time everyone gets?
omg bro what point are you trying to make now
LOL
that melee have to walk to solarian when she spawns?
jesus fucking christ lool
if you have to walk its bad fight for hunter now
lmfao
fail
mad
because wrong
mute
lmfao
hi
chicken go squawk boyssss
the new tech
i need someone to use arcanite dragonling 5 seconds into combat
and see if you get insta debuff application
how many chicken squawks for demo to be better than destro
!swpbis
smh
Yea I wish I had swp bis
Guess we gltta figure it out
No in full bis
He wants to know what pieces for 4 set
you run one demo in WOTK
they are like survival hunter
for caster
when they crit they put debuff
that gives SP
regular demo
or fire imp demo
it is
chicken squawk is now reliable
demonology spec bis?
is there chicken squawk for demon on hildi sim
can you add pls lmao
are T6 offpieces individual drops
or are they tokens
Generally Belf is considered the worst option for horde
Melee range silence isnt very useful for a warlock
Orc has amazing racials for warlock - pet damage, blood fury, stun resist

UD ofc has WOTF and Cannibalize is nice synergy with life tap too!
I kinda forgot it exists actually
o she hits hard
ive tanked that bish before on my warrior
you definitely cannot tank that with a voidwalker
I dont tihnk thats current mage plan
arcane simming better even into sunwell
no this is after
but they banned me so mayb changed their mind
mage group shouldnt get the shaman
you dont lust spriests
they should get spriest tho
yep
Last I saw arcane in bis sunwell gear was simming very similar to fire
and they didnt think they would switch
but could have changed
Arcane Anus is a source of info but not always the best one
ye
fair enough
yea true
you just lust mage and warlock in a good comp
swap mage into lock group for boomy
lust
the problem isnt that mage is bad with lust
its that the rest of his group is (spriest/resto shaman/ whatever else you have in there)
thats why you dont wanna lust mages  (ATM)
imagine your warlock and you went after all this bis gear in naxx but still ended up in TBC no fetish
forest through the trees boys
mark of the champion seems kinda disappointing really
but fetish defs has uses
i think the new play is
1 air phase
you just keep the skeles alive
and nuke the boss
or just 1 skeleton or something
i think so
ye that too
i mean in guilds that mage cant blast like 90% + of the time, they just shouldnt even hvae an arcfrost mage to begin with
whether thats because of not enough innervates/support or slow kills
but try telling that to mages lmao
it depends man
I saw a guild yesterday where this was not the case
but you would run arcfire

example
fire mage and fire locks outperforming arc frosts
depends on your killtimes and raid support
not always man
say a fight is 4:30 long and the arc mag gets a second vate late into fight but cant spend all the mana
in this case
lust may add dps
and not just lead to "more frostbolts"
I mean the thing is you gain less dps with arcfrost vs arcfire the more filler you cast
at a certain point of fillers  cast, arcfire  and arcfrost gap is small
and you buff all the warlocks
therefore, it becomes worth to run fire over frost
it depends on your killtimes, your raid support, how many warlocks
etc
mages' own math barely justifies arcfrost for raid dps at 4 warlocks with 1 vate for mage
on 3 minute fights
they didnt sim longer fights, for a reason
because they fall off a cliff at a certain point
thats not to say arcfrost isnt worth in many guilds
but its not a slam dunk always worth
which is basically what mage disc will pretend
and anyone who says otherwise gets memed
though they have been forced to admit its true from time to time ðŸ™‚
and yes adding a few more frostbolts only is pretty insignificant.
compared to what other classes get out of lust
IDK why you would make this statement lol seems super clown
yep just situational
SHOULD I SEND THIS SPEC
im doing it it feels dirty
but I have alot fo gear w + shadow dmg
immolate sims like ass
becuase paint was salty he was wrong in an argument
I tried to drop it and he started giving me shit "its ok to be wrong healslpls"
then I respond to him
and he mutes
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/902234125832949941
starts around here
I try to drop it
he goes in
then mutes
because hes mad
then unmutes 1 hr later and says nothing
true
apparently solarian is a bad fight for hunters
because of pet uptime
depsite them topping the parses on that fight
because its low armor boss
but try to tell paint that and catch a mute
true
almsot got my ass kicked from fight club today
these fucking asshole fight club mods bullied SIMONIZE
the god dam saint
shaman cringecord  1
somehow I thought remulos was melderon
faerlina has a server discord now
its all skeram refugees
made by skeram refugees
well
we HAD one
but none used it
was a meme
and then the good guilds have this cringe shared discord
where they just drop hard Rs and shit
its popping
but its mainly for sharing incel takes
Ayy wand acquired
well prot pala themselves think they are easy and refuse to learn their class on a deeper level than consecrate go brrrr
I did it last night , meh
didnt feel much better
but I guess its not supposed to be
you just gain soul leech
i get 9k crits with incin tho
my bolts are 10k sometimes but I sure miss fire life lol
got my ass a wand tho
now I need more living rubies
chicken squawk can be done reliably
5 squawk Felguard meta
#squawklock
i heard that too
but its all rumors till official
laty would unironically yell if you banished it too
"why are you greeefing maximum zoog's cleave marco"
he yelled for casters to be hard totem swaps because he cant cleave totems
so its a grief for him to hit totems as a melee
apparently
even tho fury is definitely among the best ppl to be swapping targets
warlocks gotta cancel typically 2 2.5s casts to swap a target and back
its not
fanfiction
lol
He also tried to lead his NA guild through Kara and clearly didnt know basic shit on netherspite
he was yelling at them whole time to go faster, ninja pulls like 5 times
then gets to boss and makes them go back to a trash they skipped so he can get chicken

feardotexe
is best
lock in lock disc
jk its jpaint
id rather not lol
hm this aint even so bad man
you could go way harder
only 4 lusts?
pfft
i thought it was gonna be 10 minutes long only him seeding or some shit
0 vates 4 lust
loll i cant even find a fight where laty doesnt get lust
usually 2
demo is bis now
you can get reliable squawk
5 sqawk demo
is the new meta
squawk demo still bis
either FG or succubus
whatever
no
one aff
3 destro
mayb in some other split idk
'
srry wrong reply
so hes destro
in most recent logs

played demo twice
idk mayb some werid reason
or just collecting parses
?
o
chicken?
no squawks in his logs
ashes go zoom tho
fast mount and I cant get glad
everytime anyone wipe in TK
I get in faster
So I can poop
poop with it
that too
or just poop with it
smooth dawnstone
but smooth dawnstone is for melee
crit is a physical dps stat
guilds that dont know they dont stack
what adds
lol
you got some srs issues if you think your problems on alar is demo/COW on adds
and you can slap a demo on alar adds when you doing dive bomb shit
as melee
if you actually care
yea fuck them idiots
it probably does
reduce their dmg
they still melee right
for seeding?
trash set?
you making a no oblivion seed set?
lmao
yes
for example in mana tombs
it works there
and is quite good if your trying to pug mana tombs heroic like me
on the first boss
the shadow elemental
its wild out thre man
my warrior is 10x more geared than these money grubbing tanks I run into
last mana tombs the warrior tank just randomly died to the stone giant boss
and I tanked the rest of it in my leather arms warrior
I joked " yea ill take the unneeded from that boss"
and the priest actually gave me it lmao

lmao
this is on prebis gearing enhance shaman rolling on legit upgrades
ppl are fucking idiots
im the only warlock in not harcore guild that did so
not so different you and i
Same guild since beginning of classic I dont hop ship to get carried
:p
actually mage beat me this week
as he should
we yelled at druids to innervate him
Id be all about hopping if it wasnt guild I literally made with friends before vanilla
but theres kinda this part of the game now where we beat game together
through the thicc and thin
giving up and applying hardcore guild seems like a cop out
It depends right
some guilds dont make adequate effort
to complete the content
they deserve to fall apart
theres shades of grey here
if you take ppl to the raid
you give them loot
if your guild isnt in position to demand world buffs
and doesnt demand them
you dont get to hold out loot
based on expectations you never communicated
this upsets ppl that try hard in the semi hardcore scene
but its just the way it is
semi hardcore being a big meme ofc
yea p much
yea you can defs make new friends in hardcore guilds
and they arent just filled with autists typically
some normal sociable ppl in hardcore
also some cringe hard R dropping man children
but thats just wow
I definitely see more cringe shit coming out of hardcore gamers
but
its not all bad
there is something to be said about perservering and beating the game with your group though
and there is some ppl who hop to be carried in greener pastures
feel like that depends on the guild
and mayb has to do with you being in reign
and now no longer with you being in reign
the "best" guild other than Reign on Faerlina is vampire clan and their guild leader is a straight cringer
that shit aint dying down with TBC ill tell you what
yea cause they are pale as shit
lmao
suap was late
mayb by the end they had some better speedclears
but noone gavve a fuck about suap lol
yea measure good however you want it to be
im not gonna debate you on this lol
no no
hes right
VC is a pvp guild
I consider them a better guild than suap
but you can debate it
i mean VC had like a bunch of the first exalted WSG ppl
VC does pvp shit on alot of private servers before classic
and yea they do cringe shit like camping BRM
they defs are more pvp oriented
they still did try to do pve shit and care about it tho
no i hate em man lol
I respect their hustle but
the spergs in that guild
anyways
some hardcore guilds are cringe and spew racial slurs and cringe shit all the time
some hardcore guilds do not
id believe its died down in TBC tho
funny story actually
we were doing green dragon farm
for the daggers
and we ran into VC
and actually wiped them cause they werent ready
the next mob we kill had the green shard
and they were SO mad
they then found us in hinterlands and corpse camped us for hours
with quadruple the numbers of us
but #worth bitches
quit
enjoy your time in the sun
see you in BT
mr vending machine
yep
just said mana puts you number 5 on the meter
instead of 1
unlucky
mhm
im not mad
warlocks happy to contibute to the raid
unlike maguses
yes
no shadowbolt mana tho
unlucky
I play arms warrior so
and ill play demo lock to buff my compadres
next wxpac
yes many ppl will play subpar spec for personal dps
to the benefit of the raid
in fact like half of any good raid does this
druids give vates to the ppl they want
shamans are shamans support by nature
priest do IDS/shadow things
hell even warriors bring battle shout blood frenzy
mages are the only ones that outright refuse to do so
literally the only ones
fury is optimal
for the hunter group
battle shout is better than 3%
what do mages bring
intellect scrolls?
food
shit I can buy at a vendor?
sheeps and ports are nice
yes
hey man mages are fine but they are also basically the only class that blanket refuses to take a personal dps loss to benefit raid
not all mages either
but a massive chunk of them
you dont see mods on warrior discord saying arms is bad dont play it
try talking about fire or arcfire on mage disc tho
ive seen some dog guilds where fire mage literally beats the arcane
because their killtimes are so shit and no mana support
but yes
I agree
full fire is lame
depends
100-150 is the usual number
but
PW sims over favor shadow
any time you get free taps
fire gets better
also
gear is better
also
yea in this phase it is
also, theres something to be sid about faster casts
and getting clipped less
but its minor
yes
well
relatively minor
do you have shadow gear
enchants
are you swapping rotation
sac
idk
could do a great number ofthings "wrong"
o your a gnome
thats the problm
doesnt it make prism worse
nah
modifiers amke prism worse
not better
1000 threat reduc per crit no modifier
700 with salv
630 or whatever with the warlock talent
etc.
take your threat modifier and multiply by 1000
now do the gap for No DOom
hmm
idk anymore
lose 5% dmg
gain more fire lock
so just 5% fire
fem boy
jpaint
doesnt show face cam
bans term fem boy
whats he hiding
paint big homo (phobe)
idk what the modern term is
femboiphobe?
Take UA like a chad OFC
and all the good pvp talents
on  a sim
it wins
but UA
is chad
o you didnt take male lol
if this is your goal
just take UA
take a buncha pvp talents
can stillhave malediction
just dont take Shadow EMbrace
and favor imp howl
soul siphon
etc
for your QOL outside raid
and as long as you bring malediction
noone should complain in your raid
unless its v tri hard
ya if your just going partses something like you put prob best
but
doesnt sound like the goal here
Could also do some SM DS shenanigans
if your just wanting to have fun
green beam
Dives here
who bolts when you can beam
if you go SM DS
what spec does WCL say you are
https://tenor.com/view/skeptical-futurama-fry-hmmm-i-got-my-eyes-on-you-gif-17101711
just like a giant cock
probs
ok
hell yea
around the time he became enemy of healspls
I think
i still link
im banned tho
I literlaly linked it like 2 weeks ago
and said
"so this is all mages get above us in their best tier in WoW? see you in t6 boys"
didnt go over well
actually it went great jk
yep and they still barely ahead bro
barely
100 dps
its like less than half
their sim result said
ye
its been confirmed
i agree rubberfish
for the record
and always did
but when I complain about mages being selfish im referring to T4 mostly
let us have our fun too
same argument as mage T5
this is what I saw on mage disc before they ban m too
but apparently arcane anus thinks fire in BT
but he also said put boomy in the spriest group
and anumber of other really wrong shit
thats not what I heard tbh
they have issues hitting cap in their cds
gz
also temporarily unblocked
by your favorite warlock
o lol
he wants the affliction to get more crit
do he gets "enough" ISB
that he deems adequate
I get it
heres the real play
fuck the aff
one shadow destro
that spams bolt all day
well just normal rank
but he cant cry now
and dont have to force shit groups
yea I hate the cringers in my guild that say "I play support class my dps doesnt matter"
bitch with that attitude your support doesnt matter
because your dps is shit
just get a corre dps
i am convinced that getting 3% resist on seed
makes that shit not worth
but I also dont mind if they fire ele
just tell me if your gonna fire ele
so I dont have 3% missing hit pls
whats the logic there
yep
lol p true
just simp me
yea but taking double ele
and double nehance
means you have to take extra healers basically
and less core dps
and double enhacne > double ele
double enhance > double ele
ok sure lol
but most guilds run the standard comp
ele is gonna fall off hard too
might not even be worht bringing 1
in sunwell
too much hit on gear
basically if you take 4 dpsing shamans
you gotta take extra healers
that arent shamans
and thats bad
i tihnk sunwell not BT
they really arent
shamans look bad because COH priests snipe their chain heals
in shit guilds
healers are good at sniping shamans
because they dont do their job
and just snipe for parses
an shamans pop off with haste yes
they a bit weaker now
yes
does feel bad to play in 0 crit group tho atm
if you have no ele or boom
I am convinced mages do need some hard innervate support to be worth
3 seems hard
2 you can vate both pretty well
ye but they really wanna get 2 vates
and boomy shouldnt vate mage
if boomy vates mage
you just shouldnt bring a boomy lol
they arent worth
in any raid
sure
could say the same about amge
if all fights were that short in this tier
we wouldnt be having this convo
so
:S
does anyone have a plan for Shadow Res next phase
Like I think we should be buyin green SR gear if you want to kill BT early
hmm
double ele hey
thats actually not so cheese i think
double ele is probably just straight up better than Boomy Ele
?
mage doesnt really get boomy vate
mage just take feral/resto vvate
thats plenty
https://www.twitch.tv/tetsu/clip/DeliciousLaconicSeahorseBatChest-hKrj5Fp1CIs9xXy2
also bonus clip
https://www.twitch.tv/tetsu/clip/GoodIntelligentPidgeonVoteNay-pKBrFSMsc-T99gCX
nah
not even close to a fury
or even an arms
on 2-3
surre
but locks own ST and own aoe
furys own ST and own on 2-5 tarrg cleave
hunters
do good ST dmg
peep his comp in that video lol
warlocks and furies
tbf pressing doom isnt really hard its not like you gain more dps from doom than anyone else
we just alternate
and I think thats the way
rolling is dumb
sure mayb on one fight
but overall
doom lock should be ahead
someone tell me
what we need to do for next phase
should I buy shadow res
lock life is wack tbh
only get to doom 1/2 of the time at best
rip one mob with a seed everyone yells at you
meanwhile furys sit in chad group with all the support ripping constantly
noone cries
ppl just love screaming at warlocks for some reason
we do all our support shit
some tank cant hit his buttons once
screeches
screech if someone doesnt get a summon
like im parsing raid chat 24/7 for 123
screech for  cookie jar
because you missed it on the last pull
usually ele sham for us
chain lightning on pull
and then ppl screech at warlocks
JUST DONT SEED ON THE PULL HOW IS THIS SO HARD
BRUH 3 MOBS WERE IN THE RAID FROM CHAIN LIGHTNING NOONE SEEDED
HOLY FUCK
the best is when prot pala die
and the MT instantly starts screeching at locks
like we ripped
and your like
prot pala died bro
and hes like
Oh
everyone hates that we have this sick spel
they just want to stop us from using it whenever they can
how about you figure out how to enable the spell
instead of trying to stop it from being used
i think we should strike
stop curse of recking
until ppl figure out how to seed evry trash pack
yea if you die a single time because of no HS CD all the flame cap dps is wasted
using flame caps is pretty dumb
im talking about melee
obviously caster flame cap is big worth
just trolling
it makes your melees do like 5 fire dmg or some shit
its like a 5 dps upgrade
ahlejandro doesnt flame cap
and has all 100s
be like ahlongdido
or
or
flame cap is useless and wont make the difference on a parse ever
because its 4 dps
yep
i dont fuckin know lol
yawn
being this pedantic
is disingenuous
:p
i think
Louki might be right
and astromancer pants
are secret bis
no
if you use astromancer you can gem more orange
but Idk I gotta look real close at it
and im so lazy
kinda dgaf about lock now shadow is sleep
cinnamon heart
https://tenor.com/view/hopeless-disappointed-ryan-reynolds-facepalm-embarrassed-gif-5436796
leave lock disc
go warrior disc
see this

ok see you guys later
imagine you never ever use seed set
and just talk about how bad it is
some ppl man
Dive
what are you up to these days
yea sounds about right for a seed set denier
but yet
your activity here
has spiked
hmmm
skill testing question
how many mobs are you aoe capped on
in your crit set
you succubus sac?
Doubt its 9
also whats wrong with being capped
yea
meh
on
lurker adds for example
theres a very long 3 mob period
at least for us
most of the other adds die fast
i mean
the trash before lurker
how much crit do you get to in crit set
ye depends really
sheesh prot paladins are toxic

lmao
search skull in paladin discord
find this
in your specific situation its kinda tricky
One thing I would ask is do you have adequate support for both arc frost mages
thats gonna depend on your kill time and raid comp
will your resto druids give their innervate
or hold for themselves
if you arent a well performing guild that is able to keep 2 arcfrost mages pumping with innervates
arcfire probs worth
correct
but the question is
is his environment "good"?
its probably 2 arcfrost if your guild is good
but if you see that the arcfrosts arent outperforming warlocks
for whatever reason
killtimes
innervates
then you can make the argument for arcfire
5 warlocks I would
math is p clear on 5 locks
its not a big diff either way
but 5 locks is deff raid dps gain for arcfire
I mena thats a valid point but a bit outside the discussion of what is optimal
true
but having numbers to back up your politics
is a good way to win
I mean I can
Mage discord did their own math that has some bias for mages
on 4 lock
and arcfrost barely won
adding another fire lock makes it a clear ST dps win
desptie mages cherrypicking fight lengths in the math
yea that is what I said
however
if his guild is actually dog
2 arc frost will be dog
I dont really agree with that at all tbh
I have seen some logs with arc mages getting smoked by warlocks
because of their shit killtimes shit raid support
it could be
but honestly
keeping scorch up is p fucking easy
yes
if not they are almost certainly not worth and arcfire would be better
they shouldnt be losing to warlocks and if they are thats a sign that arcfrost isnt worth
now of course
fun is a factor
and shit guilds should have fun
yea
20% iircx
nah
mana is a big thing
20% more dmg in the IV window
sure
for simplicity sake
but
they gonna drain mana faster
and if you dont have enough mana
IV / Lust just converts more frost bolts
not more AB
and they fall off a cliff
and you know they stack cds in IV too
yea I dont think you can really make that argument for shit guilds where mages oom
based on Goesting results
id just go to theorycraft channel on mage dsicord
and pull their numbers
for arcfrost vs arcfire
or better yet
sim for your own guild
my point is you cant just say IV dmg loss is 20% in the window if you drop IV
because mana exists
and your always gonna be AB spamming during CDs
and then frostbolting outside of them
ideally at least
and ppl like Goesting are barely casting any frostbolts
where as some random mage in shit guild
will cast far more
ok
mana is still a factor
that cant be ignored
without IV you will cast less fillers
CHeck out QUas's post in mage discord id say
if you havent already
tbc-theorycrafting channel
cry because 2x spriests griefing ISB
but
yea destro pots become alot more usable for sure
when you would have to tap for mana and lose dmg
yea thats a mistake
mana pot > destro pot if you have to tap when you could be dmging in general
some fights you get free taps
like Lurker
some fights are exceptions becaus of boss vulnerabilities
and stackign CDs for those
VR I cant decide
you kinda wanna tap in the stomp
but
its also v pathwerk
and mana pot good
the least interesting skip is petri
or anything involving
hunter pulling a buncha mobs
and you running past them
invis is hype
ofc
but rocket boot skips go hand in hand with invis
i think paint is talking about KT's fireball
and you guys are talking about capernians fireball
o so hes suggesting just dont have a tank just have everyone at the correct range
wild
Isnt that what hcore guilds will do tho? Farm trash for HOD?
I have heard some are prepping green SR for first week
As well
Wait you dont think SR will be needed or just not that much?
Yea then PTR comes out. Ppl realise they can kill illidan week 1 if they have FR pala and SR on their raid. But prices have alrdy spuked for resist gear and you get fucked
I know at least pne hcore guild expecting to need SR and alot of it
Fair enough I kinda agree
But not buying green SR now when its cheap seems like alot of hopium
Hannu honestly I have no clue on this topic
but I know skarp is over in fight club showing his SR greens
saying they gonna need it
and yea, once they have purple pieces
they expect to wear very little
and kill boss
Skarp himself is an idiot but hes around competitive players that probably are smart
I mean its real cheap to buy SR right now
Id rather just buy it now
then bank on not needing it
You could say same thing about Leo or Solarian right? o look 3m HP just kill it bro
we know that we kinda did need these sets
I dont think its fair to assume you wont need them
yea cause your cucked in that gear
but theres a reason they are wearing that gear on the world first kill
lol
if they were capable of killing it without
they probably would have
sure
but if you took 50 attempts to kill vashj
you might be having some decent prog
in BT aswell
suyre
prenerf vashj is in theory harder than prenerf BT
that doesnt mean that guilds that took 50 attempts to kill vashj are gonna cakewalk BT
iirc only one guild killed prenerf and 0 melee in raid
on PTR
jpaint is fire lock
and fire locks cant cast seed
so
hes wrong
the more you are AOE capped the more powerful Prism becomes
a heavily capped seed crit could be doing 0 threat
right?
i mean realistically
you can NEVER precast seed
unless hes sappering or something
conc resist > precast blows up > problem
even sapper can resist right
and probably will
if you have alot of mobs
haha yea idk about that bro
maybe in your crazy fantasy land where paladins do 1700 TPS single target
what it sounds like is ppl with different experiences of threat in their raid delusionally prertending everyone else has same raid and experience
if you rip when you cast seed
you know you need threat trinket
and you know it helps you
if you dont
you dont need it
again, nope
fetish is much stronger than prism
and I feel safer with fetish than a prism
kinda hard to make evidence tho
no its better
because your seed is htiting for less and 700 threat reduc is huge on smaller seeds
i mean theres both sides of it
yes
you can make that argument
you can also make the opposite argument
that prism is more effective threat reduc past cap
if you are still ripping
your just making an asuumption that you will never rip when aoe capped
which may be true for you
but isnt for everyone
and I promise, you CAN still rip at aoe cap
there are degrees of AOE cap, me sitting right at cap or slightly capped is essentially the same as seeding 4 targets
theres just more targets for resists to occur on
the purpose of a threat trinket is to raise your threat cieling so you get more casts off without dying
like he just said, depends on the speed of pulling
what will increase your dmg more
For some of you, perhaps fetish sucks because you pull fast.

For some of you, perhaps prism sucks because you dont rip much anyways.

But making blanket statements that either trinket is useless is just ridiculous.
and for your raid, perhaps prism is enough threat reduction to make prism just overkill and a PITA to swap to
but thats not everyones raid
yep
because you care about your performance in a raid ?
just because you dont pull super fast doesnt mean you dont care
or shouldnt care
everyone should care
or you know
our prot pala died on a pull
gotta res
sneaking on my fetish
im a responsble arms queen that takes salv and doesnt get kings
and I cry myself to sleep at night
yea its dog dick for melee
fetish or bust for melee really
or cloaking device
doesnt matter
150 reduc
is dog no matter what
mayb some fuckin dagger rogue can use it
it might be significant if I press reck and crit every attack
but imma heavily favor fetish for that
im going to go out on a limb and say he probably knows that salv is only relevant if capped
true?
how much over cap
obviously slightly overcap is basically same as under cap
its gotta be some amount overcapped.
practically speaking, where in SSC/TK are you going to favor TLC over Sextant
On Morogrim your only aoeing a portion of fight so I obviously like Sextant
same for lurker adds, not capped for long
so mayb your wearing TLC on solarian packs?
moro to me screams sextant
uuunlucky
just make them only lust warlcoks paint
thats what I did
for prog chain lust warlocks on add phases to make this as easy as possible
free 99
I imagine that paint sits on a throne of shamans and each week a melee or hunter comes to him and begs for a lust
in my exp tho fetish will work on seeds cast before activation
wtf
figure.it.out
6 fire lock simp guild
1 lust
what the fuck bro
sure bro
as you reeee about fetish on morogrim
wtf
I thought you had some amazing god comp
4 shaman
ship sinking?
unforch
owo
yea IDK either you are gods gift to warlocks that doesnt even have full pinks
or your playing with players below your caliber
warlock isnt that complicated that you should never be getting beaten in dmg
but lets be honest you probably have been beaten in dmg many times
but just have an excuse for every occasion this happens
like everyone else
lol
ok paint
yep
so then hell change frame to "well I died that doesnt count" (excuses that I mentioned)
I have seen your parses you arent ALWAYS number 1 every fight
even without deaths
then you change frame to "I meant complete raid"
and then I find some parse where you died and its a complete raid you lost in
and you asy it doesnt count
such is the cycle
doesnt care about parses
wears fetish on morogrim so he can seed early

RIP that took about 3 minutes
Sep 21
yea prolly
i mean
warriors can win overall
so can locks
depends how you pull trash really
ofc ofc
and then I go find another one
and you have another excuse
as I said
ad infinitum
i dont lose to my fury
but some guilds pull in ways that favor warriors
and dont allow good seeding
ppl get lusts
etc

Jan 14 2020
yea bro
you said all of classic
kek
excuses
â¤ï¸
its all good paint
like you do good man
I first was looking at naxx logs
and paint smokes warlocks in every naxx log
but honstly those are some of the worst lock parses in naxx I ever seen
so I was like fuck this shit
lets go to where he had 0% hit
get fucking rekt
not every log I just skim through really
new hero  yesterday
you would
Im so bad SF
im so bad at dota really I play it very infrequently
but even if I played frequently
id be bad
used to be
last few raids I been super bad
super checked out
we got a 6th shaman but we are somehow too retarded to get 2 lusts
and I get tilted
and check out of raid
personally I cant
but on last VR we moved him in, I lost totems, yelled for 30 s to cast lust , he didnt, so we swapped back
it doesnt work with my UI IDK
and after that I was just done w the raid
cause it was like 4th time we fail the swap
Common problem for alot of ppl. Theres even a whole weakaura meant to be used by 26th man because of it
shits just buggy af man
what was the more entertaining convo
be honest
https://tenor.com/view/are-you-not-entertained-gladiator-gif-5740471
he said find the log he lost in because he never lost in Classic or TBC
I speed ran that shit
in like 3 minutes flat
come
at
me
bro
yo if you hate the convo you can leave you know
you dont have to be here
its friday
we chillin
ofc man
what who do you take me for
a filthy casual
I WILL deep dive your logs
and I WILL catch you slippin
zoomers man
I was playing league when reginald was spamming cassiopeia
mid
blue buff gg
S1 was the best.
by far
everything was balanced because nothing was
AP alista
AP kog
AP Sion
AP Yi
AD Sion bot lane even
you could do tons of hilarious shit
GP5 items
I would play kogmaw mid, full gold per 5 runes*, buy all 3 gold per 5 items
sit under tower and one shot wave with his bile spew thing
at 10 minutes id have like 3 items
and just faceroll everyone
ex mid was lit
ez
anyone remember triforce alistar top
because you could W > auto  proc sheen
with no counter play
i had a solo quadra with alistar top
and ppl were just so confused
kha .
early on.
zoomer detected
Wait kha zix right
Ifk thats like s3 at least
S1 and s2 were bis
Riot wasnt money grubbing patches yet
O look we buff X checkout the new skin for X
I would too i just dont remember him being that early

all epic gems found
why is hannu green
I got it on first kill
like a true chadlock
hehe
i still havent done on either char
yea
gems are dead next phase
i think?
you just use a second account
in the raid
out of combat
click button swaps all the groups
yea
meh
might not be optimal
to gem like I did
but couldnt resist
yea I saw
when you got it
now im chasing blue gem for

infinity gauntletsword
!shaggy
wat
old news
thats been my primary disc for months
depends on comp/kill time
you run 1 shadow
for ISB
imagine you still dont understand this
like 5 months later
spriests man
not true
1 lock ISB is almost exact same as 4 lock
again
imagine you still dont understand this
5 months in
spriests just dont really have a clue just mad at warlock
no sim
no idea how fire lock actually works
its not saying good things about haste
so cant be public
kekw
ðŸ™‚
wheres the chart

30% where?
spriests say its not worht because they pretend they go from 80 ISB to 0
instead of like 75 to 65
yep
chart has aff applier taxing ISB
its actually better without an aff
and yea you just say aff not worth it and dont run one
or you could
either way
ISB is fine
with fire lock
biggest meme on spriest disc
and literally the only argument they have
yep we said that since before TBC release
but spriests sit in their disc
circle jerking
without having a clue
whats this?
is it your new argument after last one was completely shut down?
pivot?
lmao
"I want all warlocks to be shadow so that I gain ~1% dps at the expense of the raid"
shit goes both ways
answer is best lock spec depends on kill times and your comp
accept it
move on
stop crying
for raid dps.
if you have many locks
or long killtimes/lack off arcane mage support
you run fire
i mean 5+ locks
many raids dont have that
he said one of the easiest spec
strawmanning again
spriests have issues reading
whats the normalized stat weight for haste
spriests?
1 mind flay tick for 5 pieces of gear
is good
i swear guys
our secret model
says
thats a cap
just shows where spriest heads are at
kekw
like all of P1
yea
lol
they know that it doesnt double dip
but they dont know if its worth using
because quags is "close"
make an argument
that shows you know something
I dont
all his args got shut down so he attacks me personally
seen it a million times
mayb when I get T5 or goggle
didnt say that
i said you run 1 shadow destro
with fire locks
to give good ISB
you still dont get it.
noone calls aff shadow
lol
ye
5 locks 1 shadow 4 fire destro
if you get more
run an aff sure
you need to learn to read
as I said a while ago
4 is where it gets hazy
no im not making my mages do things they dont want to
that doesnt mean its not bis ffor raid dps
in the conditions I presented
point being made is fire lock is good for raid dps in some scenarios and spriests are completely clueless
they have meaning
purple means you found purple ok
the orange ppl are mods
purple is just chads
I like how you asked this and literally 0 response
they made parse category for restokin?
youd be a really god tier restokin
you got that healing owl energy
the stat weights in bis gear dont actually matter
what matters is what gear does most dps
i think if you want to kill mother week 1 you probably want to have green SR gear
some ppl have talked about doing some sort of hyjal trash farm for rings/drops yes
but others obviously want to down illidan and collect loot
there is a camp that thinks you wont need resist to kill Mother
but I think that camp remembers post nerf version
probably getting some amount of shadow res gear is a good idea
ppl in good guilds will probably quietly buy green SR gear while cheap
and say nothing here
and then bing bang boom PTR releases, o you need this shadow res to kill boss
skyrocket price
regular guilds hop on board paying top dollar
well my guild told me we just use purple shit
they played private
but
guess i got scamazed
you guys really gonnna use your old twins shit?
yea thats what I thought
is there expected date for T6 alrdy
why so much T6 noise lately
what neck

should I not want the stupid KT neck
I didnt know this was thing
think its  mainly just haste cloak
ffrom healers
that ppl want
!t6bis
whats the command
waistwrap of infinity
or anetherons noose
?
so take infinity for seed?
if going to choose one
whats your bis
give SS
can the mods pls do a thing

add hildi sim to #simulations
so I dont have to lose my mind every time I want to use it
@jpaint
do it
https://tenor.com/view/go-do-it-yes-no-go-for-it-gif-17183104
I dont know
shits a mess
I hate that comp
3 bm sucks
2 ele sucks
1 enhance sucks
2 prot pally sucks
You run 2 feral w 2 mage comp. Single ele.
So you get enough vates/tide
To support double mage
is there any strat to solarian no soaker
no
are we overthinking it with this whole recovery stack shit
should we just send it
!lock
!healspls
!jpaint
!jparse
hahaha
its not
my guild dont speedrun
whats going on in here boys
Dive back at work again
working hard?
your killing it king
within like 4 hours of waking up nov 1st
I shaved clean
and nutted
dont @ me
its the only good movie
in last 20 years
ask the boomers in my guild
no ty
Dive has been going out doing terrorist acts when he thinks he is asleep
as his alter ego
ðŸ™‚
thanks bro
jpaint
what you think the j is for
bingo bango
how many of you have a jpainted screen right now
that your looking at
jpaint what is your name origin story
is your full name like jerome paint
jeffrey paint
jonas penelope aint
who has the pala vestments sound clip
bullshit
this is just like how he said he would play MGI
WTFFF
jpaint I was really hoping youd show us the power of fire lock
guild fall apart??
your in some lame ass raid w 2 arcanes now
and only 4 locks
im not really talking shit
its disappointing
calm yo ass down Gfoty
because you gotta get the uber killtimes with 10 fire locks
fire lock stronger in numbers
sadness tho paint
shadow=sadness
fire lock dead?
if paints not playing it
who is
rank 1 lock is fire boys
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/kVGB3CMXf7PdQgjh#boss=-2&wipes=2&start=166026&end=6240184&type=damage-done
still alive
for sure
but we need some solid representation at the top so we can flex on all the ppl who use top parse to justify best spec
i mean it was half a joke
nothing wrong with that taiwan log I think
Just because a log comes from china or taiwan doesnt mean its cheating
do you guys ignore Noobs winning Naxx in vanilla?
because
China
over the fire shadow debate?
so you leave guilds over spec but your nott emotionally invested
and im emotionally invested somehow
okay
I mean I just like to see ppl pumpin and want to see ppl do the best they can on warlock
feels like
warlocks dont really try so hard to push their class to max
furys got 5 chickens 4 lust BM hunter parse cheese
warlocks just 1-2 lust press bolt
mages got like 10 buffs for one boss fight
yea and guilds are also used to having to cater to their fury and mage boy
who are loud
warlock quiet and asks for nothing
but gets nothing
as a result
lol
yea
but how do you think they managed that
its not like mages did some great PR things
yea thats what I want to see
I dont want to be it
I want someone else to
yea im not sure the mages actually really are the cause of the meta
more so just what top guilds chose to do
and I dont think they really based that off mage disc
yes
I just dont give the mages too much credit here LOL
the only ahlaundoh warlocks are chinese lol
I think we are getting along
scanlawn
im still banned mage disc
have mages
learned anything cool
about their class
whats the current mage disc meta for T 6 loot?
ye
still staying arcane tho?
mayb fire in late sunwell
?
forgive me if I take original TBC meta with a grain of salt
lol
thats another way of saying it yea
sure but shit was hardly solved
ppl running prot warrs
for every tier
theres an old EJ post about fire lock
that just fails at math
and says its not worth
and spam bolt is better
yea sims we have now are far better than some dude napkin mathing on EJ
they come around with time
I imagine haste really looks bad for arcane mage on long fight atm
haste is just
not as good as they thought it was
it ooms you
and ooming you happens
for a long time mages pretended haste wouldnt oom them
but probably playing the spec now
they see their limits
and how haste might not be so great
well obviously the GCD fix too
I mean I know?
But if haste only converts marginally more blasts and frostbolts
also obviously haste in lust IV window is p bad
yea
us?
you can just not talk if you dont like the convo
lol
Tempest is like the long play for eventual sunflare
whereas Zdoom is chad for seed
IMO at least
yea I mean in reality it might mean you just get chronicle
if you want sunflare bis
not everyone gonna get a weap mayb
rejoice
hell yea
yea
thatas what im saying
yes but haste
for seeding
and for short fights
should be stronger
than what we see on a 3 / 5 minute sim
well I figure before you tap , haste is strong dps gain
once you run out of mana and have to tap
haste fall off a bit
on a 3 /5 min sim
it should undervalue haste a bit
Yes it does
Scan
https://tbc.wowhead.com/item=32483/the-skull-of-guldan#shared-cooldown
well
mayb you can stack it with SCB right
same way ppl do now
I understand that but I think haste should still take a dip as soon as you have to tap once, since normally you wouldnt have tapped yet
mayb im cooked
but it seems that once you pass the point of tapping
you would lose some amount of haste value
ehhh
imma sim it to show

my hypothesis
is if I drop killtime to 60 s
the haste weight will go up
and yes
it is
tripled
at a 60 s kill
vs a 300 s kill

ok ill turn off all cds

well this is part of why haste is stronger in short fights tho yea?
and would be better than sims show

im talking about shrot fights
like trash
my argument being that haste is underrated on short fights
because we only sim for bosses
and not only for seed
true
id like to ideally sim exactly the fight len that ooms me
and then a bit longer
and I would expect that
as soon as you start tapping
haste value drops a bit
not a huge amount
because yes
tap still gets haste benefit
but a bit
also tap can be capped....
because basically say I oom at 60 s with 10% haste and oom at 66s with 0% haste
that means that I will get same amount of bolts and dmg at 63s
regardless of haste
or at least
the amount of "gained" casts starts to fall off
once you start tapping
you will still cast more
in most scenarios
but you should lose a bit
shut up
lol
yea lol
depends on your situation
but I think most of us fall in to the camp of bunch of short fights
not one long fight
well
if you have a 1 min fight with lust and skull up
dont really have a choice
but I guess you are right
yes
ok so lets ignore gcd cap on tapt
I still think
that to some degree
you lose some value of haste
once you have to tap
struggling to express why tho
yea
something like that
LOL
if you have 10% haste , on a short fight, as soon as you casted 10 bolts your ahead
by 1 bolt
but
once you start tapping
you might lose some "gained bolts"
and just be like 1 bolt and 1 tap ahead
instead of 2 bolts
does that make sense
yea
in some fight length in the future those gained taps will pay off as gained bolts
but if the fight ends
you might be just left with mana unspent
and thats not really a gain
Yep!
yea you will tap sooner with haste
and that to some degree means haste is stronger before you tap
which to me means haste is a bit stronger on short fights where you dont tap
which is probably unrepresented when we compare ZDoom and TOC and say they within 10 dps
of each other
we did consider free taps above
o
I see what you mean
Yep!
that just is yet another reason haste may be more valuable than sims show right
well in infinte mana sim
actually mayb I just need to compare the value of haste on 300 s fight with infi mana on and off
mayb thats better way to show
just depends on the fight
you could be static alot or having to move more than youd like
ye
sure sure
I think point about short fights still stands tho
70k ashes
seems low tbh
as someone with 1k gold total
lol
the warrior discord
tried to tell me im dogshit yesterday
because I said to use CQS macro
and apparently im dogshit for macroing bolt to trinket
yes this is undeniable
and I do
but
I wanted to talk about the content of this take
do you think its bad to bind trinket to bolt
because it limits you
ye
I have like 6 trinket buttons
lol
i think best way is to
have modifier
so it will do incin / seed/ bolt
depending on modifier
but always CQS
do you think its worth trying to put up 1 ISB before you blow cds
like
you pull right
weaving is going up
you doom
mayb immolate
and then you cast 1 bolt
yea
but sometimes the lust dont come when weaving comes
so you gotta make decision
so lust comes in > cast 1 bolt mayb giving some weaving/time for ISB to go up
THEN blow cds
yea
agree
ideal scenario is lust as soon as 5th weave
and isb is already up
unless thats gonna clip your trinkets
i guess
well surely theres some number of warlocks
that its worth
but probably not a standard number
is warlock T0.5 good
SOM has T0.5 from the start now
wait what are they giving early that has hit
good
shoulda been in in OG tbc
uh
OG classic vanilla
srry
brain
dead
so is SGC
they gave all the items that changed in their final form
just didnt give items they added
it was very melee favored
brigams girdle
SGC in final form
off the bat
thats just as OP as spellweaver turban imo
SGC has defense on it at start of vanilla lol
yea the boss changes are nuts lol
they putting so much effort in


no more 25 man ony
if you need 3 tanks
yea every boss in MC has new mechanics
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=E7_yKr6vZxU

shazz leaves like
ghosts on the ground
that AE
no more zug zug just kill boss
if you stack her on her blink location
youll just die to double AE
no its after submerge
but submerge is forced
happens earlier
srry ryu
turned channel into SOM
i mean that video I posted explains all the new mechanics

he said baron was hardest
puts new scorched earth thing on ground
I mean lock is a bit better with being able to use DoTs
but I think most of you probably played at least a few times in a raid where you could DoT
it doesnt exactly make warlock some god tier class
however, these mechanics fuck melee over alot
that might be how lock winds up strong
i mean if T0.5 exists
that implies you can at least summon dukes right
in silithus
yea
nothing wrong with funserver tho
all games
are funservers
realistically
if its fun
its fun
its game
still probably wont play it tho
lol
full R14 gear
not just weaps
and pvp brackets are like wider
making it much easier to rank
yea
but molten core has actual mechanics
and no world buffs
you might need that gear
my alt raid did SSC TK one night last night
was poggers
one shot vash KT
yea thats the issue
noone looks at that channel
except like 5 ppl
and noone will if noone knows SOM is hype
its kinda fun to see ppls fresh reactions to SOM shit
which probably wouldnt occur if I posted in channel only SOM fanboys read
yep
i cant do it again I think
but blizz doing something cool for once
i wonder
if
TBC isnt cash cowing enough
and so they have redirected efforts
to SOM
i agree
the P1 was kinda scuffed
yes
its zero effort atm
they could put more effort if they wanted tho
IMO
like in SOM they have things in place to stop mage boosting
for example
that they could do to TBC
they already did nerf some mage farms in TBC
but kinda gave up
yea well if they did what they are doing to Mara
to Slave Pens
it would defs stop ppl from boosting pens
for sure
but if they cared they could fix more IMO
game could be abetter place
harder lock down on gold buyers/sellers
boosting OUT
they can kinda cop out with no changes
when they already did do alot of changes
is fmz
formas
the warrior from vanilla
dam
thats sad that they didnt meet the Leo DPS check
with lock stack
sounds like the features will stay
ðŸ™‚
both of those worked all the way through TBC
even wrath
@Seanranklin
Why
surely lock stack doesnt need a hunter lust
to kill leo in time
i would have thought you guys would make that dps check comfortably
because shit guilds on my server make it
lol
yea sad
yea
a few ppl using CDs
at wrong time
could be the difference
no way
yes
its just a bit weird because Ive seen some guilds do it that perform a good bit worse than overclock
shoulda done fire locks
leo woulda died
i guess warlock stack doesnt have a lot of CDs to push him
most raids have like 2 warr wishes and rogue cds
and hunters
@Seanranklin you think lock stack is bis tho?
what you think of NOTA comp?
its hype af that three totally diff comps
are top
one w all locks
one w fury/lock mix
one w hella hunters
4th looks like super standard type comp 1 hunter group 1 lock group 1 melee group
typical warlock

@GAMING WARLORD
whats this about
why ppl sending me this shit
but you dont get lust anyway right
lol
so whats the point what does more dmg w lust
best part is krymer is actually someone who abandoned his guild for a guild that clears content easily
and then he holds that over my head as if its my personal fault my guild had some prog issues
we 1 shot in alt raid now tho pog
and brings it up in a random discord where noone there cares talking shit about me and my prog
I mean he out there calling warlock discord shit because I said some ideas about content before I cleared it
mages get every piece of Tier 5 right
why ?
because its better for them
obviously in a non min max setting you treat ppl like ppl
and give some loot to ppl even if not optimal
but I dont think thats what we are talking about is it
also mages had 0 problem taking all T5, nexus, whatever else they can claim prio on
in their normal guilds
that dont min max all loot
but now they see the flipside of that coin
next phase
and are upset
and trying to bargain
about lusts
and loot
arcane anus came in here like "ok we wont take skull if you give us weapon first"
as if its some kind of trade
mages werent offering no trades
this phase
were they
or in P1
bruh
we have to compete with those 4 locks too
thats what you dont understand
this argument
that theres less mages than locks
doesnt actually play out the way you tihnk it does
the fact that there is 4 locks and 1 mage in raid means that warlocks should get 4 x more loot than mages overall
not that somehow its less bad that warlocks have to wait for 1 mage and THEN share with 4 locks
its all casters
its not
mage or warlock
we all have to compete for loot
5 locks means 5x the loot at least should go to locks
than 1 mage
understand that
Why arent you wearing sextant
now that your shadow
so you dont realy have an opinion other than that
Bruh you wore silithus ring to min max Maulgar
and thats all you got for me now
what happen
yo
what is the power core consume
25 SP active consume?

i think its this
yea im fake warlock apparently
says the guy who wrote a fucking sim and spreadsheet just to compare sextant
loool
so you can have 1 ?
only 1
or does it have stacks/charges
why the wowhead show like 5 stacks of it

just some weird shit?
ok
hah
seems liek you got a good idea of the work required paint
probably slam it out in a weekend
soul link might be more a detriment than a benefit here
dmg in SL  SL is so bad man
lol
what I struggle with is
do I sac imp
and nerf my dmg heavily
just to give more thret to the boys
yea
could do that
right
but my fury goes hard
he rides my ass
so
it times out fine
yea
i think so too
i mean if I had big lead
id do dmg
but lately its been p tight
do you wear belt of blasting
when tanking
I can fit it now
because of my upgrades
but 0 stam
that sounds like some weird math
assuming you never tap
so its math based on what will one shot you?
ic
ye
fire lock in speedrun?
POGGERS
someone let me into mage disc
right now
pls
whats mage disc take
on
fire lock in speedrun
and goesting and fire lock dusting a arcfrost mage
on overall
0 PI / vate
you said it was a meme joke spec that noone should play
that is the mage disc meta
loool
what about weasel tho
he did 50 less dps
than arcfrost
over whole raid
ppl said that
arcfire wouldnt keep up at all
because of trash
and aoe on morogirm
yes
yes
yes
they said it would be a massive dps loss on bosses and it wouldnt be worth having fire locks
lool
I think their locks probably forgot to switch
because warlocks are bricks for brains
one warlock did switch
and he owned
did I ever say its that simple lmao
like what
@twoinch Contribute something
instead of just talking shit
lmao
odaal is shameless
and takes all loot first
idk why even play in that guild lol
lmao skull for trash
is such a shite argument
arcfrost for trash was their argument
look what hapepned
arcfire just as good
lmao
thats what they said yea
looks like in speedrun
doesnt even matter

I mean
which mage is arcfrost
can you tell
?
the top one got PI and vates
the bottom didnt
51 dps diff
lmao
I mean the entire assumption of bringing arcfrost over arcfire mage assumes arcfrost plays like actual god
locks arent going to screw up pressing incin so if you are "bad" at mage it favors arcfire
so if your argument is going to be "Goestings just too good" well you probably cant make a case for yourself to be arcfrost
Goesting > Odaal
spam it
in mage disc
pls
Is it hard for you to understand?
The simmed dps difference between arcfire and arcfrost assumes you play arcfrost perfectly
warlocks play closer to perfectly spamming 2 buttons
than mages do in arcane
this means that if you arent a perfect sim robot god mage
your raid will do better as fire
than the sim says
and if your making the argument that arcfire only looks so good because goesting is a god, then your saying that you are not a god
so you alone do less dmg than a simmed robot on arcfrost
and its even more in arcfires favor
than sims show
that is the argument
Jujutsu
no my assumption is they scale equally with skill
just that the skill
is higher than warlocks
who can basically do their whole rotation perfect
and got no PI
no vate
I think what it means is arcfire is GOATED
O true
dont PI or vate mages
they lose dmg
Id love to hear all the "expert" mages squirm at this newsa
as they analyze  a spec they have never played
or tried
pretending to be "experts" on the class
yes
better player played better on better spec
so how do you apply this to your raid
do you think your as good as goesting
no you dont
my argument is if your not an actual god gamer mage, yea its better raid dps to go arcfire  ðŸ™‚
if your willing to admit that skill made up all that difference
it really doesnt matter which spec your playing
if your dogshit
no PI no Vate no Arcfrost -  simmed dps diff is like 500
it didnt matter in top tier guild with top tier players
they are probably FUMING right now
again the "expert" magees talk shit about a spec they never tried
trying to be authority on shit they dont know
hehe
im not fuming lmao
twoinch noone cares
all you do is talk shit
yea they dont even know
they need me to come bring them the news
the irony here is that yes curse of reck is bis because it buffs your raid dps
and mage still failing to understand that
lol
yes but they argued it was bad for speedrun, and that arcfrost was better anyways because of the trash performance
both of those arguments are now called into question.
hehehe
This is what they WOULD start saying now
"i ahve no real qualm w it noone asked me to"
meanwhile for 3 months spammed anti scorch pastas
because mana
and speed run
mages never even bothered to sim or show results for a 5 minute fight
because they knew
that when they OOM, arcfire closes the gap
yea its true
I tried very hard to get Quas to publish his results for 5 minutes
I fielded that trash in a speedrun is basically 1 long fight
and you cant just drink to full every pull
the reality is if your going fast, you dont have mana, and its akin to a 10 minute+ sim. And on a 10 minute sim, the dps gap between arcfire and arcfrost is completely negligible.
agreed
shadow is bottom tier garbage
idk why ppl still arguing
whats the latest hype for seed set?
Why is everyone all excited about it now
I read that
ok
How you gonna just make this stuff up man
Have these been tested
Or just ripped from wiki
lol
i did 11600
last week
and that wasnt even max

there it is boys
beat this
wait why not
does he have some vuln
fukk
your right
I was wondering how

ok just a 10k andy
sad
thats not even a sextant proc
but the UD lock in my guild has never done 10k
bloodfury bis
increases ISB
underrated
idk I stopped using it double active feels too good
but in theory it bumps up ISB right
hannu mock my sextant use but doesnt even have vestments kekw
lulw
https://tenor.com/view/inhale-oxygen-breath-sigh-gasp-gif-15499098
you were really hoping for good news about T5 4 pce
what
int doesnt give crit?
thats lie
when I put on rings with int I gain crit
I mean mages said fire was bad all of P1 so
everyone lies
â¤ï¸
int is just so small its often not relevant
but
there are cases where you take X ring for the increased crit from int
over another
bruh
its raging
my entire groin rea
area
is just smoking
set off my fire alarm
idk what that means
yea but can you explain why yet
or is it just
Progress has dog mages
why would it show his mana gained
in the log
but not the vate
I think thats a cope
your saying he got vtes out of combat
but the mana gain is in the log
right?
is that how logs work?
they log out of combat mana gains?
doubt
I also like how mages have to pause to make gems or their SCB is useless
but they said
we wouldnt be able to sac imp in speedrun
like bitch how you makin new mana gems in speedrun
takes same time as a sacrficie
yes
but you use more than emerald right?
when you sim your arcane dps
do you just put emerald
?
no
you dont
your sim has you using a mana gem every 2 minutes
and you use that to justify your spec
and then say that locks wont have time to summon a pet
you dont see the irony?
its not your personal argument
im just pointing out the irony in this case
if mages assume they have enough mana to have gems every fight
multiple gems
then they are assuming they have time to make those gems
which is the same as time to sac a pet
ah okay
I didnt know it was 3 uses
per POM
makes more sense
so its probably just he used more gems mainly
still bizarre they used runes instead of gems
its probably not out of combat innervates
regardless, I think its a top tier performance for arcfire and shows it can do really well.
not just a meme cuck spec
it can still top the meters while providing scorch
mage disc would have you believe that spec is unplayable
"scorch resists ruin my dps wahh"
no IV for trash
I mean WE always knew arcfire was p good and comparable raid dps even at 4 lock comp
but thats not what matters
what matters is what try hard ppl do
so that we can copy it blindly
thus is the way the wow meta is written
I like NOTA's comp more than progress comp tho tbh
Progress comp is interesting
but the 2 fury just kinda seems shit
they didnt really perform great
they miss so much support
because its lock/mage stack primarily
ppl said you need a phys group to support the bear
im not sure thats super true
but mayb
more locks fuck phys
yea ret mayb
doesnt mean that group needs to be buffed by feral
or use the feral buff
or buff the feral
noone really knows I think
but it buffs immmolate and sapper is one theory
and there was one lock that did swap fire
possible they have some ppl who just are uncomfortable doing the swaps
their pacing didnt really look better than NOTAs
both groups had fuck up
but their test didnt seem to go super amazing
nota had similar issues....
in that comp scorch mage is probably dps increase just for immoolate lol
theres like a prisoner thing happening
they have like 2 pieces of gear w shadow dmg
and think they must be shadow
o I have soulfrost and FSW boots
shadow will be better
not thinking that a bit of SP doesnt trump 15% fucking dmg debuff
yea most locks are fucking retarded tbh
no seed set
randomly play fire or shadow
w no rhyme or reason
never swap a trash set
so just wastet 10% hit from gear
that could be crit
but I dont blame them raids kinda treat locks like chop liver
everyone is down AF to simp arcane or simp a fury
aint noone simpin a lock
have to fight just to get 2 lust
I get pretty burnt
spamming bolt all raid
only for some fury to yoink my second lust
because "he was pumping bro"
spam bolt and only bolt makes brain bleed
but miss a single banish and ppl scream at you
idk I lose brain cells every raid on my lock
it sucks ass
you can defs get a smooth rebanish by casting in last 1 s of banish
but theres resists
ppl just scream at locks whenever they fuck up anything it seems
meanwhile fury and mages can do retard shit all raid long and ppl are just like thats the way she goes
idk everyone feels fine telling me how to play my class
aint noone do the same for mage or fury
you need to be giving buff to every one in the raid
so cant just be 1 person usually
but you dont need every party either
or at least having it on your tank for P 4 transition
I think its because
ppl dont like calling out individuals
too puss
so calling out 4 locks at once as "warlocks"
doesnt make them feel bad
but you call out the one fury
or one mage
well even if you call them "warriors" or "mages" and not their name
you know its targeted
and then they will come and defennd themselves in voice
you know classic raid comms
but ppl alwys flaming "warlocks"
even if its the ele sham that ripped not me
or the mage
rekt
lol
that feel in raid when everyone knos your tank fucked up but noone calling him out
cant call out tank bad for morale
when you use seed same time every pull but you rip one time and get screamed at - you know your tank did some wack shit but hey
you just gotta take it lol
our ret is great w bop
probably his best asset

:peepohigh:

kekw
lol
i think comparing c*m haters to N@zis
is pretty solidly in cringe category
by anyones standard
lol
whats your irony level
c*m nazi level
how do I get there
teach me
progress and NOTA locks all used immolate
thoughts @chase ?
yea I cant stop myself from typing in small burst half sentences its just the way it is
I feel like it harkens back to the days of MSN messenger
ok
gtg
bye
cya
tyl
l8er
fuck slow mode
shits the worst
https://tenor.com/view/puppet-awkward-looking-what-side-eye-gif-15476992
well
ppl give free gear if you say your asian
and girl
when maple story was a thing
my feet were indistinguishable from female feet
all I can say
lol they did that last year w naxx
release before holidays
was aids
I mean I understand why they are doing the nerfs
They said they would do these nerfs
they gave ppl a chance to kill the hard content and now they are putting it to what it was when most ppl killed it back in day
It sucks for like our enjoyment of the game difficulty
but for alot of ppl their guild falling apart because 8/10 sucks
sadly ppl just quit now
if they cant clear
dads aint got time to prog
I think ppl are over stating that it ruins speedruns
like
its 3 bosses
speedruns are still hard
theres still skill in going fast and getting record
im p sure these prenerf KT and Vashj are on par with Muru difficulty
well they nerfed the content in OG tbc too
they arent going to nerf it beyond those OG nerfs
they arent just going to nerf sunwell
or maybe they will
and that would be end of classic for me probs
if they start making content legit easier
than it was
i dont feel  that cata has really realised any noticeable gains for me
and
it feels bad to not be able to cast immo sometimes
yea I know
annoying tho
fuck it rerolling DN
actually ever since going sbolt spam spec
my brain cells
and attention in raid
have been dropping
dramatically
krymer and I were never a thing
really?
but you use fire spell to get threat
what are the bad words that get you muted
gottem
rekt
mage good 1 phase
lock always good
accurate
and true
Im starting to think ppl not even gonna take a mage in sunwell tbh
just int scroll
bring food
this
scan
this is the type of shit that you would give me so much shit for saying in mage disc
lol
but notice how noone here even bats an eye
lock disc more chilled
bt far
by*
no
really I didnt
I could say much milder shit than that
and get 10 ragers
all of them
at some point
lmao
what happen odaal
banned?
why would he quit guild that hands him all loot he wants
x to doubt
there is no way
that odaal
got laid 8 times
srry
I really want him to tell me again why hunters are good in T5
he defended their comp so hard lol
I did
I mean it was master material
odaal himself saying arcfire will be meta
but I thnik he was just trolling
all it takes is a bit more representation in top guilds
and the sheep will follow their shepherds
i mean its true the discords dont write the meta ppl just blindly follow top guilds
o you mean the sunwell thing
yea that was kinda baity but also possible
imagine being any other discord
hating on fire lock
only for progress to come along
So I am reading the conflag PW : S explanation
anyone got explanation for this:
https://clips.twitch.tv/DistinctHumbleJalapenoPeteZarollTie-pElof6MgurKh1pQt
@Severe
blue role alert
like 4 posts up
sigh
it was a joke that marco needed blue role
https://tenor.com/view/kill-myself-seatbelt-gif-13298646
tell me your balance wisdom
what do my boomys not know
that they should
give it to me straight
https://tenor.com/view/taking-notes-writing-down-jeremiah-buie-gif-16911555
DOES DMF BUFF WORK IN RAID
this motherfucker has the buff
no combat yet
DIDNT ASK
its gone
/use 13
/use Blood Fury
/use Destruction Potion
/cast Shadow Bolt(Rank 11)
/cqs
if I wasnt lazy
id make modifier
so I could use with seed too
I have second macro  w second trinkte
and yea one without destro pot
ye
to have modifier at this point I would have to rework my binds
but it wold be good to do
gz
and yea its big worth right the fetish?
told you
look who it is
AMA time @Odaal ?
odaal why dont you want to give marco skull
he deserve
@Chaotic miss you
boomy has 0-1 spot
actually a buncha ppl
i mean boomy is just not worth
sure its nice
but not worth
the grass aint always greener man

sniperd
well I use 9 sp
and did more dmg
so
yea
jpaint is broken
I never know whether to take him srsly anymore
lol
says use sextant
then doesnt use it
says MGI doesnt MGI
says fire doesnt play fir
now he says crit gems
I mean I could see it
But Im just saying this is like the 10th time you have had some alt take
and seem to not follow your own takes
you use sextant?
last I looked used double active every pull
yea I see
flip floppin
I dont make fun of you
I understand how the sims could undervalue crit
because of ISB
I just sus you
if you showed face cam
on lock talk
itd be diff
i def like the idea of gemming crit too
I fucking hate not critting
how much crit do you get in crit gems
must get near 50%
i know
you have to
because 1.1* 8 < 9
wow
so what your saying is me gemming my vashj robes w orange was me being 5 head
I actually knew before paint

@jpaint ogre cloak bis?
still dont have
and no crit neck
sadge

im learning

k nvm uninstall
only ppfairy actually pumps in SSC tho
so takiung  this vid w grain of salt
thats sad
i feel like youd never want to wear prince
you could just be gemming hit
instead of wearing prince
jpaint does not agree
well does your math account for increasing ISB with crit
and the hit just ends up dead
ðŸ˜’
....
they dont really
unless you manually increase ISB
when you add crit gear
imma guess you just simmed at same value of ISB
doesnt  hildi sim just set a ISB  uptime value
it doesnt compute  it on the fly
based on your crit
or number of locks in raid

so this little bit of shade
you gave me
yep
thats my exp w jpaint sim
lol
that was easily
the worst episode
of lock
talk
how to pump in SSC
press button
dont not press button
x 100000
I â¤ï¸ lock talk
but man lool
or just be chad vash sniper
and parse on tidewalker week 1
pogo
no idea man its incredibly hard to decipher
I dont even know what I meant
its so cryptic
I mean theres ppl who get 99s on vash in good guilds man
just pump
ok  so now you have excuse on both sides. "My guilds kill time is too slow to pump but also my guildies do too good dmg to pump"
lol
I understand the fight thanks
I just also think this is copium excuses
how do you snipe dmg if your guild is full of elite pumpers
mayb you just pump
lol
how is it harder to snipe dmg in P2 if your guild is getting 1 minute slower kill time
your guild just owns at P2 supe hard
anyway yea vash parsing is harder than most but I dont think its impossible unless guild is shit or super fucking good
yea that shits aids
we get double lust on vashj tho
mayb you need that
I believe in you paint
you can 99 vash
dont set up mental barriers
you didnt get a 4th silver crescent off
because you responsibly saved that trinket
for p 3
but it doesnt matter
it will come up 10 seconds into lust
@jpaint I  question you but I also believe in you I will gem crit for you father
I will follow you into the dark
ye
i didnt check
but yea if no double lust
you easily got a 99 there man
I believe in you
my guildie went 99 w like such slgihtly more dmg than you
and you got 96
its wack af
and that is this week
78 dps diff
and diff between 96 and 99
no
mage prio is only a thing in T5
literally not a concept after T5
in mage disc
dont you have some an*me girls
to post
calm down jeronimo paintus
is there something like [chipped power core] for attack power
whats it called
sad
@Seanranklin why no scorch in speedrun
Bene
Bene
BENEEEE
and the jets
even with 25 ppl theres no competition
I dont get it
same
the argument is free lifetaps
immolate sims good if you set infinite mana
but not super goo
Mana.
a sim is patchwerk
and immolate is high mana cost
if you get to tap for free
immolate better
that said, immolate on infinite mana on the sim wasnt that remarkable
it was like 2 dps more than shadowbolt spam
or some shit
so Im currently doing catabolt spec because it would seem to be better in most scenarios
but idk its frustrating to be locked into a spec and not be able to immolate
when I want to
do you not feel like your warlock stack is competitive?
if anything you have most "competitive" slots for warlocks
or is it just dull because 1 button rotation
Mayb I dont understand your statement
when you say competitive
you probably mean competitive in terms of speedrunning
and I think you mean in terms of in guild pumping
well its only just kinda kicking up the speedruns right
more competition should rise
wrong order
yea you supposed to smoke before the shits come
smh
stop doing this
arms has terrible threat
and
arms puts up debuff
that buffs your raid
so many ppl I see making their arms stand off to side and tank priest mob on FLK
instead of fury or prot warr
your losing 4% phys on all of those mobs
pissing off yur noble warr so you can simp your ffury yet again
reality is fury tanks way better than arms and doesnt put up a debuff that the raid cares about
tho we just  tank FLK ofc
theres niches where arms should tank
but FLK priest shouldnt be arms
well in FLK case you are a mile away
you could make arms tank one of the mobs that is in the kill group
ye
however hes going to struggle to keep debuiff up on all 4 mobs in the kill group
unless hes casting whirlwind
and then hes dying
because WW is zerk stance only
and arms threat is actually really really bad
thats what we do yea
but a ton of ppl seem to think it makes sense to put their arms warrior on bitch tank duty
you  brought him to raid for debuff
arms does more dps than almost anyone else on the fight too
ye so you have 3 tanks in raid typically
2 feral or 1 feral 1 prot
and the pala
pala tanks 2
I mean it matters in terms of raid dps who you choose
to sit out
im not  looking for arguments
Im just saying stop making your arms warr your bitch tank fury can tank too and is often a better choice
Yes
I mean theres no boss either of them needs to tank
Yes
Arms is far worse for tanking than fury
???
Stop making your arms your bitch tank
Is what I mean
Ok bro stop taking my message personally
So for all trash your going to have shit threat arms tank and drop the debuff
So your fury can pump
Its not worth arms is dam near fury on trash
And sucks at tanking
i dont think so
they have  said many times they arent going to stop doing fury comp
They are currently beating progress
but
yea I think if progress beats them they will still run furies
every 3 minutes death wish
and they pump cleave
why are  they bait sadge
I have that
well im using mag gloves main set
and uhh I think I ditched my oblivion pants
rip
I got the pvp spell dmg crit gem yesterday
After jpaint said crit gems probably way to go, that gem  is a must have
how far off does a crit gemmed set that isnt oblivion sim
like what if we just dnt use oblivion
does it sim decent
sheesh
ok well ill keep my mag gloves
for whenever I finally get boots of blsting
I didnt make a big stink about the boots because I got the best pieces so Im happy enough
but a buncha the ppl who got blasting didnt even swap profs
malding
thats not an  obli off piece
boots arent an obli piece ?
ooo
I guess the thing about using a set that isnt obli isnt that  it will sim better on AOE
but that it might catch up on a ST portion of an AOE  fight
your last bolts when most mobs are dead
but idk I like obli feels strong
well you might be able to put a set together
of off piece shit from SSC TK
like astromancer pants and other shit noone wants
jpaint shills the sp/crit gems man
i think hes right
instead of just SP reds
its cheaper
but I only interested in it being better
im happy to ruby
if its bis
if you have anger spark
do you still wear 2 pce T2
T4*
does the sim definitely pop both trinkets with lust
[sextant]
[icon]
smh
wtb bot
jpaint is also a bot
what so the bot had a little fit
he shouldnt be permaed
its nice bot
seems to work fine nowadays in fight club
even links spells
its nice
i remember when it was busted for tbc
[battle squawk]
sadge
is darkmoon card on there
hows it simmin
ok but thats optimal case for double active
isnt it?
thats 3 casts exactly
yes
obviopusly the caveat that if you drop the stacks
its bad
I mean I think we expect to be able to stack it before a fight w hellfire
so its just a 80 SP trinket
but 80 SP doesnt actually seem that remarkable to me
5 SP less than mark of the champion
which doesnt seem that good so far
sim results sound right, will be good on very long fights and bad fight lens for active
but probably not that much better
that too
if its losing to double active on 4.5 min
in real fights where you might drop
or have movement in general
double active gets better
does pet benefit from attack power part of the trinket
through your stats
felguard 5 chicken squawklock?
when is chicken added to sim
o fuck
idk
i assumed additive the stacks
but multiplicative with other effects
but I dont actually know
fight club says multiplicative stacks but not sure @Kristofer
haste rating is additive
but % haste is always multiplicative is what they are asying
that  said its interesting because its same buff stacking
youd think mayb additive in this case
is that how it works
or is it your attack speed becomes 0.95^5
i thought the latter
ffight club says its as you say @Kristofer
multiplicative so like 27%
but yea idk
test it
I doubt these ppl on fight club tested
yep
27% haste succubus gang
imagine going goblin
i cant believe so many ppl went goblin
buncha melee in my guild goblin too
I told them on vanilla release gnomish is hard bis
I told them on TBC release
gnomish is hard bis
retards want to make their own sappers and not listen
now  they are fucked
ofc it doesnt matter for lock
but if you were in like a ZA
you might want to havve a chicken
depending on your group
or yea if your a demo player
lmao
squawklock would be lit
for something like KT
with low armor
too bad felguard cant pick up a weapon
yay
we need an alejandro warlock with 5 squawks and 4 lusts and juju flurry felguard
that summons pumpkins
and
skeleton
MGF
LOL
felguard with  machine gun someone photo shop it
Do it. You need battle shout tho
I think
Maybe 3 hunt better
I suppose
Nah cant teist really
Twist
Pet doesnt wf
1 enh 1 ele mayb lol
Idk lots  to sim
If he cpuld use devastation
And windfury
Not much mustache in the channel
Any selfie posters
tetsu benched rip
why dont you just check the logs?
theres logs on trash?
ah
you just look for the proc as shown
dont need to look fo rhte item
if you had the dagger
what would be good way to test it
Can you trash farm the HoDs?
Nota thinks they wont even get a demon phase w warrior stack
Yep
Well theyll know on ptr
If they can do
@here who has BOED and can test
ðŸ™‚
if it procs off seed explode
and is good
I checked old progress logs and no warlock used it
but that doesnt mean it dont work
yes that was what initial testing on beta said
but ppl now paranoid
that it change
becuse blizzard is rando as fuck
but 90% chance it dont do shit
nah blizz feels need to throw tons of shit at mages because of how dog they are base
they NEED that T5 2pce
they NEED that SCB and Ashtongue talisman
they just realised ah fuck
we made mages too weak
well fix by adding all these pieces
wait
what is that
what is the one complicated thing
im guessing your thinking HS queu
but
its really not a skyrocket thing
ok
I just wouldnt have called rage complicated I guess
noone did that
mages arent OP
I dont think they are OP
wheres the mage stack speedrun?
they do great dmg
dont misunderstand
I just dont think they are actually overpowered
sure
but semantics here
if your opinion is they are overpowered
go nuts
all im saying is noone said
that SCB makes them overpowered
because they didnt
lol
I actually said they need these items in game
to be relevant
ðŸ™‚
tru SCB isnt really make or break
strong trinket tho
I mean a 0 innervate mage doesnt beat a warlock in all scenarios
ok sure

lol
look at the buff number on the side
you can tell what class is what
by the buff number
first page
6 is highest

theres 1 4 buff lock
and rogue

heres something interesting tho
as soon as you go down to 2 buffs

mages disappear
from the charts

lol
sure
you can say they are a given
which is fine
but its interesting that 0 vate mage
doesnt do well at all
on these logs
from this data
some would say that a 0 vate mage can still do quite well
but yea its not entirely novel
just kinda an interesting view
in the data
as soon as it drops 3 to 2 buffs
mages disappear
ye
you lose dps going for 4 SP set bonuses but yea stam is prolly worth
meh Im doing SP crit everywhere
wait what
well you see paints argument is that 1 crit = 1.1 SP
so im not losing
im gaining
if you believe in paint
how to gem
next lock talk?
isnt that my scenario
4 locks
1 SP
if someone moves how does that make crit worse
wouldnt it still be relative gains
if someone shadowburns, sure they nerf your ISB uptime a bit, but you having crit still increases ISB
would it even necessarily make crit worse
or perhaps
better?
if everyone casts at same time I think its slight buff to ISB
not that that is practical
esp w quags existing
hmm
if there is 1 ISB left on boss, and we all cast same time, we all gain
I still dont really see how shadowburn is a big grief for crit rating
but noone reaslly casts that in my raid anyway
what who are you gonna give skull to?
the mage that gets funneled all loot and does more dmg by nature of phase?
boomy is just 3 hit which alot of classes struggle to even make use of
and even if they get 3 hit
its like
100 AP
the funny thing in my guild is everyone clamored for getting a boomy into our raid
so the guy like rerolled and everything
just sow e could havev boomy
and now its not worth
but he put all this effort in
dont think so lol
AB isnt a 100% SP scaling
right?
so SP is just worse for them
as is haste gear
yea
like sure if your mage is cucked at that point which is likely
throw em a sliver
but calling it "mage prio"
while doubting lock prio on skull
no from me fam
yea I dont think mages are beating locks in sunwell
sliver or not
but well see
i said same thing
apparently deleted because it was bad at start of tbc
but bot works now
on private locks were king in SWP
and mages in T5
I expect same
in classic
just warriors probably do better  becaue they legit were nerf on private
and hunters probably do worse
because they were OP/buffed on private
i mean last time you talked to mages, fire also simmed better because of partial resist shenanigans on sims
that shit was old af
arcane anus I dont trust at all
sorry
yea I mean either way I think they are farmed by locks honestly
no shot
I would wager, 1 month into BT you already realise lock > mage
and that doesnt change for rest of TBC
uh no I wouldnt have said that
it was p obvious
and you can find me saying as much
that mages win
this agreed with private data
and private data also agrees that lock wins past this pahse
so thats where I base my prediction
cause I gotta once again flex that I was right in 2 months
ðŸ™‚
lol
is it really cringe for me to say I think locks win in BT?
i think thats just talking man
whats cringe is turning normal convo into personal attack
tbh
90% of the time its just some discord idiot wanting to have a troll war and turning some normal ass convo into something cringe
which is whats happening here.
takes 2 to tango motha fucka
the irony of you baiting this convo, and then telling me to ignore you
lmao
I dont need your help shaggy
thanks
and the reality is ppl are cringe in wow discords its just fact, and you are being cringe right now,can we have our normal convo back now or you gonna keep making this a drama session?
wrath looks fun only annoying thing is the tricks of the trade and Hysteria cancer
nice that they made totems raid wide and such
single target Phys dps CD that Death Knights have
yes pls
yes but getting rogues to do something non selfish has always been a PITA
i think ill just play demo lock and wont have to deal w all the parsing simp nonsense
just play game
the demo + imp + fire spell spec
looks fun
huge amount of crit rating
soulfire executes
fire imp demo
w fire spells
check out the imp talents
yes it does?
it has literally same raid support just tiny bit less because tiny bit less SP since FG gives you more SP than imp
yes it does
at least the version I saw did
oof idk where to dig it up
I mean just look at a normal demo spec in wrath
and consider what happens
with imp out
instead of FG
realistically imp probably dead as a doorknob
but lemme dream
do sims across class discords not relatively match what is shown on WCL in terms of class dps differences
like if I run warlock/warrior/mage sim w similar settings wont I see something similar to what is shown on WCL ?
I understand that sims can have differences in their calcs that make them non comparable
but Im not sure that is the case
yea I should test it
is monocat a thing
in WOTK
pog
is tehre a reason to bring them
or
whats the deal
Gotta be the most op item ever, wolfshead
Only not used in wrath bc nerfed
Someone saud scarab brooch most op because it used on wotk
Loool nice WA
Used on lich king*
But its seemed p meh so far in classic
Where wolfs is must have
Ye
Badge is up there too
Ye
I think its overrated bc nihilum or w.e happened to use on WF LK
Guess so idk snapshot flask  didnt really break anythung in pve. Wolfshead is a must use
Until nerfed
Snapshot flask was mainly just a pvp meme
Sure but I dont think it was necessary
Ye
Wolfs helm is just ubiquitous
Must use item that changes playstyle
Ye But didnt stand test of time like wolfs
id argue badge more OP for its longevity
and brooch prob too
not more op than wolfs
eh
fetish has been p niche compared to badge
so far at least
badge will see use all the way through TBC
wont be perma used
but it will be a good swap
to keep on CD
Its still gonna be better than anything on a cleave trash pull thats ~1 min in lengtyh
mayb madness + DST or sliver on extended cleave IDK
well
how good is brooch really
yes
but its like all passive trinks
going forward
DST
Madnesss
SLiver
yea
but I think that makes it kinda lack luster until wrath
and even then im not sure its that good
or just was used on WOTK
on LK
i have shammy that uses all the time
not sure how good it is
Kenneth was using a good bit last I saw
for sure but is it only actually strong when you have all that + heal
or is it strong right now
could never figure it out
healer discords aint got a clue either
just argue back and forth
hmm
I dont see anyone using on VR
i  see more ppl using Darkmoon card blue dragon
than scarab brooch
on VR at least
yea you might say its rare item
but alot of fucking ppl
have badge
lol
that hit box is bullshit
how am I supposed to frame perfect parse that shit
my arms always dies on KT
usually multi times
but not on Thala
thala death is just dumb
yea jsut dont use CDs on thala IMO
save for second boss
and shit lines up well anyways
i know
im saying its not smart
I heard some guilds have like a strat to get it back on the tank
tank pumps threat they MD etc
I get same # uses if I save til second boss
so
I just do that
and dont incur the uptime penalty
if I have to move
yea heard bipolar does too
would be nice for le parsing
are you guys doing?
well lgit just seems like nicer strat
doesnt seem like a downside here
mayb no MD for following bosses I guess
it might be bad if it causes ppl to be brain dead there
thats all
yea but shh
we dont wanna searing bot that shit
before this tier, kenneth was going off about some amazing secret kiblers tech
this is probably that kiblers tech
I figure
two hunters just chugging kiblers during thala
on either side of him
wrong reply xelrog
i think next phase will likely be death of prot warr
when you really start to notice threat plateau
but yes they get some nice goodies too
bear ofc
well for the most part threat is fine atm
sure bear does everything better
but avg guild doesnt really care
next phase I think you will see prot hit the wall
because the gear is p cringe man
for prot warr
and everyone else is getting crazy poggers upgrades
but dont you think thala kiblers seems even more insane?
the hunter kibler thing just seems p meme
on Leo
yes
I dont think either one can work anymore
this is more speculative than practical
affaik kiblers dead now
shouldnt a imp blizz mage be able to just handle tidewalker adds
pala initial tank and mage just adds them to the kite or something
i guess could be hard to transfer threat reliably
havent seen anyone just ignoring adds
and zerging boss
which is kinda where I was going w that
well unaoecapped dmg is a gain
like warr stack w 25 sappers
could see a nice benefit
and the pierce armor thing + a buncha warrior CDs
encourage you to hit boss not adds
when pierce is up
most get their cleave pad in
from what I have seen
sure
yea
but kibler dont work
yea guess not, seems like mayb a phys stack strat
and even phys stacks atm running caster groups that can clean adds
lmao
Lock stack is prolly better but a ton of warriors popping cds can do broken things
if you can skip illi demon phase that would be quite something
sadge
yea fury might be at its peak potential in BT actually
arpen is  v strong
and we dont have a ton of haste til SWP
sure but id rather ppl try out diff things
its more interesting
i think arpen is when warr will really spike
and that haste for warr is overrated
alot of warr dmg is just BT WW and that shit doesnt get affect by haste
and they alrdy swim in rage
like sures its good stat
but ppl will tell you its zomg exponential scaling because rage = more spells
but they already cast alll their spells...
yea sure you get mayb some hammys and heroics
its nice for cleave
so yea seems like warrs / hunts getting big gains next tier but sunwell is more warlock favored
rogues - have more dmg in their melee swings and get relatively more from haste
y
warrs get BT 6% as set bonus tho , hunters get 10% steady and rouges get sinister
which are both bigger set bonuses
but warr is obviously the biggest winner from pen
idk I hope the pen gains are big enough that I dont ahve to wait all hunters to get 4 pce on my warrior
we'll see
ha
I try to not be bias lock still seems pog to me
melee scalin should really be crazy tho
yea
ðŸ˜¦
however not having cds has its advantages
EG when negotiating for second lust
rather than a CD
id want like some very basic reason to press more button than bolt
like
mayb some soulfire proc
insta cast soulfire proc or something
thatd be  neat
whats that
get like some stored insta charges
thatd be neato
hunters apparently had a spell called aspect of fox at one point
that let you cast while moving
and was swiftly removed from game
cool
ye
thats kinda where I stole idea
what are wrath gold sinks
you have to spend some gold to fly in northrend
you have to buy a motorcycle
probably some kinda prebis tailoring shit
do you do alot of prof swapping in wrath
i know the few things I remember from when I played as a 14 yr old guildless retard
if only i was 17
ok
Ill RP harder fam
I could change avatar to krymer's
might need new one soon if I get them goggles
yo jpaint
what do you wear if you havve anger sparks
for 2 pce
I saw one dude in high guild using helm shoulders
but yea i was curious
i better not catch you using a sapper
huh we kill Leo last
but I understand the pack
what makes moro diff than say a lurker pack
you oom and thers still lots of mobs?
so you can run in while tappin
couldnt you position correctly on a lurker pack
?
i mean just run in behind your pala
throw a curse or two on the pull
and your there
losing 1/2 a seed for a sapper?
sounds pog to me
same for murlocs tho
i assumed youd be in good position
so that your sapper land
but
your not in mele threat
i think R sham will be pog w haste
R sham is already the "best" healer because they bring most dps I think
COH is best healing spell but cant beat lust
like yea COH probably tops the healing meters forever
but resto sham can still be really poggers for the raid
havent eben paying attn to speedrun healers
but overclock doesnt have a COH
3 resto sham tho
because resto  sham bis
same for NOTA

except no IDS here
bc its melee
I think when you ahve 3 resto shamans chain healing, COH is just sniping more efficient heals
NOTA neither
doesnt seem like any speedrun runs COH
SF doesnt run
progress nope
num 6 statement
has a COH
why do you want that
I think its more interesting as is
I dont think it  is
I think theres legitimately advantages to warr
meh the warrs in Progress run seem kinda awkard to me
they missing so  much support
and dont really do well
they just there because its a feral group
ok
well none in top 5
yea but I think NOTA has plenty of mistakes they could fix too ?
I mean I dont care to argue what comp is better
its probably warlock
but its still more interesting
to see diff approaches
number 6?
o nvm
I mean he said "we gonna keep running this whether its best or not we dont give a fuck"
I didnt hear him admit
its not bis
sure
still rather see ppl trying shit
than cookie cutter sheep meta
and ALOT of resto sham
because every time you replace a healer w resto sham
thats one more core dps
because you dont have a dps shaman
this is also my experience
I dumpster most locks that played in vanilla
feel like  its more that warrior had a comp environment and more players learned how to min max their dps
most warlocks
learned how to tab reck
in  vanilla
lol
my raid makes me
fear this fucking mob on the KT trash
and tank KT
and it feels like cant compete on overall
its annoying
I just chase the mob arund and dont dps for those mobs
I heard betterr guilds tank everything in such a way that yu can seed
not me
sadge
the mobs in the hallway
that do the arcane flurry
you guys run multi mage
so can just sheep
or I hear you can seed em
tru
we dont bench ppl just to have better comp tho
im not about to fuck over one of my friends
so I can parse overall
lmao
ill just fear
im chillin
i know pepehands
I ish
wish*
my raid is good about advancing their boss strats each week
but
trash
is just
get er done
ye
I mean I understand why they do that
but tbh tanks are just bad
tanks want to avoid tanking 2 mobs
at al costs
meh I could hold 2 fine
on my warr
off seed
sure mayb 4 is aids
ah yea
so they run out
and then it rips
yea not a fan of being fear duty
but
its good excuse to lose overall
lol
and if I win
I get to talk mad shit
XD
ofc everything cant be seduced
for some dumb reason
fear work
sheep work
seduce?
nah
just look at them?
p simple
yes
dont take from mage
unless mage took from you
then reciprocate
lol
isnt eredar just strahgt up better
go trade that shit to one of your other ppl in run
no reason to fuck em over
ugh its an expose bot that needs combo points
dont make em bop eles
yea same
but we barely do them
we just clean em in the center
yea
same for us
hunterrs stand on edges and handle cores/dps ele/w.e
and melee just smash nagas
and some eles
I barely do ele dmg and I got a 99
just pump
the key is
yoink as much naga dmg
as possible
not yoink eles
mayb your performane on vashj is just not 99th percentile ðŸ˜®
do you guys
seed FLK
I banned that because I didnt wanna push 75% by accident
but
seems fine
ðŸ˜¦
if you kill nothing then all at once, boss doesnt get buffed till later
thonking
so what do you care about
and isnt seed most efective?
your lusted
on the pull
ooo
yea if we ran 8 locks seeding would probably be death sentence
but we arent gonna accidentally push 75 w 4 seeders
seed most annoying shit man
every time it would be fun to seed boss fight
ppl thjink of all these reason you shouldnt seed
mald
ironically
a warrior doesnt bat an eye at all
if hes cleaving a bat
but here we are being like "o inefficent dmg"
well sure cleave in nutshell small
but sweeping spam lots of rage
well we have 2 lust
for  2 groups
so
lust for seed then again at 75?
pog
hes up p quick
probably variable but  ive seen him up
early
yea so you tab some curses
and seed
w.e point is
you can seed a few seconds in
idk we just pull it like 2ft to side
on the pillar
i duno why
and do you guys kill priestess
before boss
we kill after
OOO
pog
love it sounds great
can you find a clip mayb
firalock?
to share
need alejandro warlock to spam  seed whole time
while raid zergs FLK first
20 mages 1 lock
mage only  allowed AB
OK
so far I just see rogue POV
yea
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1201029415?t=01h49m06s
heres a better timestamp
if anyone else wanna see
can you not reach the mobs if they were tanked on flag pole there?
anyone know a fix for constant update bullshit
I cant play wow
i just had to wait a bit
uh
lol
idk who would argue that
but ok
hm sure I guess its one of best all round
please post your  lunch gamers
im currently stuck at 4 over
I need new gears
idk probably notdoing TK for ashes until BT farmed
spare time will be spent trashfarming
im stubborn dont wanna regem just want one more piece of gear
lol
next on boot of blasting
and
then so much shit swaps out
how big are these nerfs lol
I thought they just making KT less HP and stuff
what else will be nerfed
will the trash become a joke
that seems only way your magically doing it in 40 min in normal guild
that farm looks awesome
im stoked for that
ill get 4 guildies taht want trash drops in there or something
and well just  cozy watch movie
we had a good time doing that one too
3 mages sweat doing blizzard and I sit there rain of fire kek
is it just me or is kinda extra pepega today
I think PTR will come and alot of ppl will figure shit out there
but hard sttuck ROS p realistic
idk our guild isnt that hardcore and we still did like 10 hrs on PTR clearing all the boss before last bosses this tier
yea probably does but we just bored in P1 and something fun to do
over weekend
the rest of our practices aare not very hardcore
nah
we dont even require consumes never mind speedrun
just cause you have some fun on PTR one weekend
dont make you hardcore
our PTR was 25 plastered ppl
err more like 20 and some pugs
if someone does more than you
they are hardcore
if someone does less
they are not
tale as old as time
id say thats a reasonable definition
nah
we didnt expect ppl
was optional signup and not a full raid
its nice cause some of our members dont have time to do 10 hrs of prog week 1
so we got alot of  the dumb wipes avoided by wiping on PTR instead
still had dumb wipes tho ofc
I love vashj
and yea lurker is cool
Alar is cooler than hydross to me
hydross tilts me with his debuff shenanigans
hmm
I dunno I guess so in practice its p basic
on priv fankriss was alot like hydross
had to taunt swap
periodically clean the adds
that build up
Kael Thas is cool but kinda sleeper
when is the first time
they put a cutscene
in a encounter
Wrath?
lich king heroics?
yea tru
yea idk why I said heroic
I guess just remember spamming them heroics
for badges
apparently your better off doing obli pants and mag glove
but then gotta enchant obli pants
imagine if there was chance to summon dude succubus
that would own
I would actually pay for male succubus skin
why
mag x arch?
so magtheridon and archimonde
doing the deed?
yea I definbitely dont what that
pls definitely dont DM
wait how?
o
I see
i mean nothing new been happening since 2019
lol
i had p nice VR
2.4k
we had a bug actually
we wiped tidewalker
and the murlocs were  up
so we yoinked one and had expose on the pull?
idk if there is way to recreate
and 2.4k fathom lord
seed OP
movement can be bad for 2her i dont think theres anything special about VR other than its brain dead
do they get proc from getting hit?
you take too many locks lul
i got 95 today too and got graved during lust
but we had a really pumper one
like I said
that bug
where murlocs were up ? and we could just pull one before boss
and have expose
is that what you guys do?
I dont like sextant
feels bad
tru
but I also get double lust on each trinket window now
on most fight
6th sham bis
idk  if that makes double active better but it seems better
i die to alot of dumb shit tunneling swing on arms
but not spout....
shits too obvious
yo jpaint did this guy ved take your loot
ill beat him up for you

thinks this my best
non KT
so something I was thinking today - should probably doom KT late in P 4 right, wait for the stacks
lol  yea  its straight 25% dmg  I have done 12k on KT
should be able to do 13
but doom would snapshot the modifier at time of cast
so dont want to doom KT on pul
wait for stacks
i think
25% more doom
o wait nvm
it doesnt work like that right
yea nvm
If theres 5x the warlock as mage in raid you give warlock 5x the loot
Its not like locks get every item
Just proportional to their representation in raid
Ty its entirely practical. Ppl just want to talk prios here becayse they want us to concede bis items straight to them which really makes no sense we are all casters and none of these items benefit anyone more than locks
I mean when items actually benefot you significantly more thats where prio makes sense. See vestments or mage t5.  Not for this bizarre take on fairness where spriests and mages get items straight handed  while locks wait their turn.
Hunters suck w lust haste for hunter does not go well
Esp in most guilds where hunters dont even change rota for haste breakpoints
Warr w cds > rogue cds > warlock w cds/ mage that has mana > hunter w cds > warlock without cd > warr without cd > hunter / rogue no cd > rest
This is lust prio
Or who gets most
I simmed it. I talked to hunters in hunter disc
You can put hunter above lock but your wrong
Hunters have many issues w haste
a) multiple spells are not benefot from haste
B) ss gcd dont decrease
C) have to change rota to salvage some value from lust which most dont do and even then its just sneaking in a few more auto shots between SS windows
I mean if you kno how haste works on lock and how it works on hunter shouldnt be a surprise.
I dont see a reason to act childish here.
Seems hard for most hunts
Wrong reply
Well they dont lol
I mean I actually put effort in to investigate this. Do you have any actual info to bring forward?
Or you just want to do personal attack ?
Thanks for your input
Lol
I think it was a p weak roast ive had better but hey discord is basically angry mob at me at this point ppl are stoked for anything
Anyways was trying to talk about game
Haven't seen any reason to believe  hunter lust beats lock lust
Yea i dont understand  why ppl constantly try to attack my opinion based on my guilds in game perf w limited time to raid. Its just a big logical fallacy.

I understand way I talk pisses ppl off its fine. 

Just trying to talk game here not have flsme war
See I ignored what you said. You just double down and pasta me until you get a reaction.
Sure I piss ppl off but some ppl just are here to make drama not talk about game
Just be quiet
Right
?
Lol im fried because I talk game and said that int wiping for affliction parsing is cringe? Fuvk off twopoundfish
Your not some gift to game because you crafted all star points with int wipes lmao
Fuck off
Equating int wiping for parses with optimizing your raid
Calls me fried
Lmao
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
this is gold
hes still mad that he got called out for being an int wiping parse chasing cringer
and now wants to attack me for talking about game in game discord
I was always a try hard
just not a cringe parse chaser
lmao
5% if you are using the set for trash
is it a term of endearment then?
your baiting by attack american
but
ill allow it
rofl
your boiled in water and served plain with salt
owned
on the note of lust tho @Skycrab Ask your hunters individually how they play under lust and how they play under lust + rapid fire + DST
i think youll be surprsied to find
that they dont actually have  a clue
how to play their class
there is 2 hunter across two raids that is good in my guild
lol this is exactly the take that dog hunters have
ironically
its not a hard game I agree
but still
its not exactly completley devoid of brain thonking
no hunters getting less from lust than warlocks is the rason
even when the sim is perfectly changing rota in lust
they get less
than locks
buffs: 2 isnt really cringe when your a meta class to double lust
bufffs: 2 is cringe for spriest
but you guys are lost
hes a spriest
so he doesnt get second lust
so he comes to this disc to say getting second lust is cringe
its useful convo for sure
defs not the type of thing theyd threaten to kick from spriest disc for
Dont bring rogue if not givibg enhan grp
2 lock sadness comp
ye
you had plenty of shit to do in life
you chose to spend it int wiping in video game for internet points
we have 3/4 vestments
yea I mean you are entitled to the opinion that that was aa fun way to spend your time
and we are entitled to the opinion that doing shit like this is cringe
int wiping for parsing just makes it more annoying for whole community to parse
turns parses into something evven more artificial
just fucking play the game and pump
and parses are more meaningful
and more enjoyable for all
its just cringe in general lol
but whatever you wanna think
caring that much about getting internet points in itself is kinda cringe tho
lol
it feels good when you own it organically without wiping
every time you wipe chasing it
it drops a little
my guild didnt quit lol
pretending the reason ppl quit in P1 is because they didnt chain wipe for parses
foolipe bro
come on man
your trolling
sure sounds like its what your saying man
Yea diff strokes diff folks idk ppl didnt quit much in my guild
They knew more content comibg and current content p dull and thsts all
Well in mag particular doing the parse strat was far more risky thab just 1 shottibg boss. Going for speedkill wasnt a raid speedup
Haste good for seed but otherwise diff is negligible
I mean it depends how you sim
Hsste w double active good
Member when I said hunters are overrated and yall were like omg idiot havent you seen mag parses
Yea I member
That wasbt the argument
Or my statement
But k
Warlocks were number 1 on mag by end of p1. But ppl actually were arguing hunters good for things beyond speedkilling based on speedkill performance.
ooo are we rationalizing that haste for warlocks buffs spriests through ISB
I like  it
oo
this is the wayt
we are just trying to support the raid
haste to spriest just raid dps loss from ISB tax
@Blow thoughts?
have spriests considered the ISB loss when they gain haste
its minor in the same sense that haste is minor
hmm
sounds good for
sweaving
yea true
this is best argument so far
but also haste to locks will increase ISB
what is mace
what is gap between zdoom and mace
and pvp weap
15 dps w zdoom
or 15 dps w zdoom AND other haste pieces?
to hit break point
whats the dps diff between 0 haste priest and breakpoint priest
actually nvm no sim
because sounds like someone prollly just swapped zdoom and mace said hey ok 15 dps
but that is just them hitting the breakpoint
ye idk hannu prolly simming like 0 active trinkets 3 minute ffight with tons of haste gear on
and being like
its same as sp
so even in whatever cooked  sim you ran it was better than SP
and you said
its
LITERALLY SAME
as SP
i dont think you know what literally or same means
one of the two
well it will come out right
so mayb you should plan around that andnot take lasting items for other class to hit a breakpoint you wil  hit anyways with pvp neck
is there gonn be some catchup haste in ZA phae
all haste actually does for them is let thems squeeze another mind flay tick in
to their rota
so thats the breakpoint
its like
take 5 piece of gear
for mindflay tick
without a sim
yea having one more stat is gonna be big headaches
at least not warrior w 2 new stats
idk but can you start
trolling aside would be nice to see it all laid out
you sure you dont just yoink some haste piece in ZA
or from badges
and still hit breakpoint
isnt there some new badge gear w haste at some point
and pvp gear w haste too
see
spriests scamming
for zdoom
jk jk but yea wanna see the whole pic

200 haste rating = 100 dps?
and thats not considering your dropping SP to gain haste
thats a yikes
honestly when i first read spriest case for zdoom I was inclined to just throw em a bone
but the more I learn
the more it seems like its not even a gain
and just a item to stroke your cock w
just figure it out spriest and dont be shameless
â¤ï¸
Your saying 15 dps over mace
And your saying theres badge legs you didnt even consider
They did actually. Warriors had to teach hunters how to sim to show dst warr prio
We prob need to do same for spriest
100
Pog
hmm
hows that OH for lock
but kinda garbo w chronicle
a seed option true
would you still use Bowiz
for seed
if you went MH OH route
im curious about when seed set falls
to haste gear
pantaloons for seed set
but not for ST set right
vvestments + 4 pce to good
dam
I thought vestments lasted
ok
ok
phew
male
male looks great in T5 shulder
unlucky its not bis
is the silence neck potentially bis on some fight
I  heard there is fight w silence
lol !magedisc owns
they argument with memes and try to make fun of someone  when ever they can
!fried
Max rangin is less cast time penalty
and then spam instas like conflag sburn
To parse first boss ac
Tru
I mean
ppl convince warrior to play arms
ppl  convince  enhance to play resto sub
ppl convince rogues to expose
convincing mages to scorch  is same shit
warlocks play  affli tho we kinda optimized that out for some
like  its the same shit
surv hunters too yea
mages just wanna be  the exception not the rule
>i dont know why anyone would ever try to convince another class discord to play a lower personal dps spec
Literally almost every class does this
except mage
even greedy ass warriors
understand playing arms
is good
^
yup
mages understood playing support class when it was winterscchill to benefit them
had no problem throwing a mage under the bus to buff themselves
in most cases, its  just going to be whatevver top guilds decide meta is
and everyone will  copy that
yes your guild makes own decisions
but 90% of guilds just follow the top
blindly
??  but somehow arcfire is cucking right
you cast  fire spells
searing pain
yep
yea that was naxx meta
bring 2 locks
one for elements
one for reck
make them use fire spell because no shadow support
its easily 10x more cucked than arcffire
nah
thats like 4 debuff slots
to buff 2 ppl you only have for a curse
haha
ppl are sheep ryu
let progress be our shepherds
bullshit
dont put that evil on me ricky bobby
I got alot of ppl on mage disc to understand fire lock is good in certain scenarios
by the end they had backed down alot of their bullshit
i mean that would happen to anyone
paint  went to mage disc  oncce
it went no better
he just left
before it got too ugly
yea sure I trolled em a bit
but saying I hurt arcfire cause
is bullshit
its not decided by the class discords anyways
thats  where yall are wrong
it come from the top guilds
fire lock wasnt a lock discord brain cchild in vanilla wow either
it was something coming from top guilds
sure , to an extent
did he?
is that how that went
im flattered you think im that impactful
but im not
mages were worse about fire shit when I got there than when I left
lol
I also have 100 on  Netherspite as arms ok
p good
ya I mean you can disagree and cast blame on me from the sidelines if you want
but a good number of mages were forced to admit fire had a use case
and they understand its better if you run enough warlocks now
just wont admit it for speedruns
was your TC in this discord the reason guilds ran fire lcoks in naxx
heres the thing
it wasnt always emotional
there was perfectly  rational  discussion that occured
and then some spergy mage comes in
and starts malding
that fire is being discussed
and ppl bandwagon
yes
that was my chosen approach but eventually  you get drawn into the trolling and baiting
i just could care less about cringers on discords opinion of me
I get alot of info out of ppl on class discords
by hammering them
look
if you to class disc and just ask a question
ppl will troll you and not answer
if you go and  loudly state an incorrect opinion
ppl  will give you answer
insta
because they cant resist being matter of fact
and making you wrong
I dont treat game discord the same way I treat IRL interactions
depends
not when you are in mage disc asking about arcfire things
not when you are saying rogues scale well in T6 in fight club
hehe
this
does help
but yea shaggy if you think I give two shits what you think of me
your just wrong man
thats a p good one
I avoid going to a personal attack level as much as I can and some ppl on class discords just want to take shots and make you mad
like shaggy atm
i didnt say you were
been chillin all day I dont think anything cringe happened
all you have said today
is that im cringe
dont really care man
lol
you been trying for 2 days
whatever melts your butter
let the man be a lad
gear not that important
some ppl play because its fun
thats unfortunate that you dont enjoy this pass time that you spend so much time on
sitting here in game discord
hating the game
imagine if you did something you enjoyed
yea we just go into raid as buncha friends and have a good time
probably wouldnt play without social aspect of game
but its not about loot.
loot is just a means to an end
unfortunately some ppl get too deep and wind up playing selfishly  w no social aspect and only stick around for seritonin hits from acquiring pixels in form of loot
and that is a sad sad existence
idk about 95 but a significant porrtion of players nowadays dont really enjoy this game in my opinion
they just hooked to the crack machine
loot collector
this is why they quit when full bis
id argue that the engagement mechanism is  the social aspect
and nowadays that social aspect has been torn down into a GDKP swipe loot collector game
ppl are naturally competitive
and will seek out  validation that makes them feel better than others
eh mayb in terms of their game design, but thats not why I play this game
thats fair
cheers
its not the players fault mayb
but I would argue that theres more to enjoy in this game than just the loot drip
and I would also argue that game design wasnt SOLELY based on loot collecctor sim
but hey go to bed
yea man
D2 or POE are more loot collector games to me
than wow is
but even they have fun in their gameplay
else wed just all play slots
Hardcore d2 for example
Its really not
Maybe in your guild
Point and case
Dont think anyones saying that
How old are you
Lol your getting up there mate
Soon youll realise ppl 10 yrs older than you are just like you
Yep and then they are 30
Yep
do you play games w friends or on your own
you
i still play sc2
just friends
irl or not
that lost ark game was p sick
will be fun when it comes out
the beta owned
for playing w friends valheim is worth a stint but it dont last
elden ring for sure but thats a solo game
if you didnt ttry valheim and have a group of friends
shit owns
fuckin amazing game to play through first time
but its best if everyone is a virgin together
if you play w some ppl who have played bebfore
wont be the same
they cant resist but spill the beans on how to play and that just ruins it
riot is making MMO
itll probably own
like I got beefs with league of legends
but those motha fuckas make good games
idk if theres a link
but basically you all lose 3 hit in your group
so roughly 3% dmg
so go see if  his fire ele did more than 3% of the 5 ppl in groups dmg
and then theres crit
so I think its like roughly 5%
per  person
always goes more than 360 degrees
but tank positions in a way that it wont hit you
if he positions badly
it hits you 2x
its possible it somehow changed we had some bad spouts this week
i just blamed tank and didnt look into it
yes
!squawklock
or ofc the succken spec
succubus with chicken
oof i missed the chance to put cock in
well done
CockSucc sounds right to me
whats hilarious is that we played all of vanilla with 25 warriors and missed it
god we are retarded
yea?
I havent personally tested but hunters use on their pets right
Its melee only i think
I dont see it on pets in logs
but as I understand its a melee only bufff

hunter disc
and this was also my understanding !
no theres a trick to get reliable procs
you use it in combat, AFTER you have been dealt a hostile action
so you take dmg or are debuffed by mob > use the chicken > it pops
you do this on the trash pack before the boss
so for example on hydross you can go pull one of the little eles orbitting him, eat a hit, pop your chicken, and it will squawk within like 5 seconds
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TSywF4MrPBQ
watch this video
I dont think theres a way to get a reliable  proc  during boss fight while doing it prepull and keeping your trrinket swap
you gotta use the chicken in combat after hostile action
eh mayb it works  if you take a hostile action while the chicken is out could test it
im still mad dragonling doesnt work
yea we stopped
feels good got my vash 99 even
are your advisors dying
by the time P4 starts
or shortly after
okay well in most recent wipe looks like multiple were up
unless I read log  wrong
whats your strat for phoenixes?
okay so your problems start in P1 actually. 

You want to kill Sanguinar and Telonicus close together. In P3, they should come up and melee can instantly begin cleaving them.  Your tanks spend 30 seconds getting them together for cleave.
then in P2, you have the axe completely out of the fight, and it takes you forever to finish it. One tank brings axe in after spin, it gets cleaved/seeded a bit, and back out. It can always be getting hit by seed even while spinning if done right.
if you optimize your dmg on axe in P2,  your transition to P3 wont be so hectic.
and optimize your mobs positions in P1, so you can instantly start  cleaving in P3 (your melee at least).
next everyone needs to NOT cast on P3 transition, looks like one mob just runs wild in P3
then for phoenixes we have a pala just sit and tank it off to the side, doesnt even kite it.
takes a bit to pick up phoenix raid has to move if it comes at thjem
we all stack as caster group, so its easier to dispell MCs in P4 and P5.
we have a set way to move if we get flame strike on ranged, we ALL move left and know we are moving left.
so we dont get split between flamestrike and someone MCed with noone to reach
but your problems are starting before P4 it seems.
people get cleaved?
what do they get cleaved by
thats on your tank to move the axe bbetter
i mean individuals can protect themselves too
but your individuals are probably too dumb
it spins, he moves the thing in when spin over, it gets cleaved a bit
then back out
before next spin
this is what our raid looks like on P2

it looks like your raid is just nuking axe at the end
and yes melee getting cleaved during that
its very inefficent use of dmg
our axe is dying at like same time as shield
not as a separate mob after the fact
right
like we have so much time every time reliably
can get weapons
go get a drink
get in position
scratch nuts a bit
then p3 starts
anyways I did it pretty raw with a buncha dads and know all the dumb dad things so if you have questions I have lots of tips I think!
yea I mean we had troubles with P4 actually until someone else told us to just have pala hold phoenix, not kite it
and then it kinda clicked and we smashed it
no shame in getting some help !
but officers have egos
so you know
we do 1 tank on cosmic infuser that we nuke on pull before seed when its safe, then prot pala on bulk of them, and third tank doing Axe in and out thing
we break off and hit the bow when the rest of mobs are almost dead
thats a good way to get ppl to give you item tbh
just name yourself the item
ppl feel compelled to give it to you
brb making a ele shaman named shiftingsliver
cracks me up every time
you called me out months ago fr being cringe parse chaser  -  how dare you now talk about optimizing game - im still mad about it
just all the pieces in one neat little bow
sim your own gear, try with and without infinite mana, make your own decisions
its defs debatable
Im doing cata bolt because i have 2 pieces of shadow gear - FSW boots and Ritssyns neck
but I miss being able to immo on trash sometimes
or when I know I have the mana
i use that as much as possible
but so does my raid
obviously ritssyns beats JC neck
if someone else uses
XD
not using it by choice
No prince neck
moroes hit is dead af
arent haste gems like some shit you buy outside of sunwell
krymer
what
the fuck
arre you trying to say
I am so confused
two random ass clips lol
!magedisc
NO YOUR CRINGE
!shaggy
you used to be cool
now you just shadow sheep shill
if progress mages are "mediocre" enough to get beaten by arcfire, I think its safe to say the gap is not as big as originally claimed
yes but trash dmg was the main argument mages used for arcffrost
thats quite the range, and mages used the top end of that to BARELY justify arcfrostt on 3 minute sims
and then waved their hands about how much trash dmg they lose
i mean thats just not true
IDK why you making clown arguments
^
yep
k thanks
lmao
!zephan
!skycrab
sheeesh
making commands of someone else  doesnt even have own command
i mean i didnt wanna reroll profs but I get like a 50 SP upgrade in total
iif you dont care about 50 sp
thats fine
but dont ask for raid loot
uh
idk what you are saying
tbh
cringe fuuuu
that stays in raid?
god dammit
it is false equivalence id say but sure
i kno

i only just got my boots of blasting
id still say go tailoring man
nah
not wworth the bag slot
rather have a shard
than stam for VR lol
o
still
could care less
i got 99 ez
its not that min max is the problem
its like
50 SP for me
in value
T4 helm to engi helm is a large upgrade
and the gain of Boots of blasting
allows me to regem
right
it wouldnt be as big if I had t5 helm
but I dont
yea but its not as big
yea being engi just makes me happy tbh
i love cables
i love rocket boots
i love para cloak
i lvoe teleporter
look
engi is worth just so you rocket boots para cloak back on a wipe
and get to go smoke
or take shit
bombs are huge man in TBC
just ppl dont min max in most guilds
so you dont realise how huge it is
you can rotate evven more bombs now
than vanilla
and yea
chicken is insane
i think next phase
the heroic gems
non unique
right?
YE
nets are crutch
arent last 15 lvls
just repair bot
and you sell back
not expensive?
shuttupppp
its never only me typing lol
yea its a discord
you type in it
wow
thanks bro
i duno convo is dumb
engi is good
dont get it
if you dont want it
but dont copium that its not good
tru
wattt
is that actually true
hard to tell w you lol
only you can decide
sappers are still useful
not just ada nades
and probably sappers are nice in hyjal right
seed just out of melee range
tap once
walk in
sapper
all pulls
ya
raiding on 2 chars w engi
is intense
1500 gold + a wekk
im spamming oil of immolation on arms now too
its pricy
how much
like 3 gold a pop for me
and every 30 seconds
anyone have a good engi lvling guide
idk whats  for goggles
360?
Yea but im going gnomish
because im chad
isnt rocket boots
a drop in dungeon
ya ill be doing repair bots
ye
and i use on warr too
no
yea
im talking about the TBC one
yea
poggers

so hot right now
alt raid got me boots of blast
so engi done
seed set looks weird
youll use vestments in seed set?
idk I didnt think vestments would have place in seed  set -  and are you using T5 legs even tho no crit gemmed
or you got second pair?
hm

i have faith in the paint

bro i have like every good gem now

just chasing heroic SP
and I will be exactly 164
hmm
im stuck on ruby drape as well
pfft
got your ass beat on Void Reaver baby
@gremmerðŸ¢
i just compare VR
because its patchwerk
most comparable
but I got you on many
ðŸ™‚
a bit idk
actually most fights I got you on  baby
but hey warlock parse is easy mode
why exactly did you want me to look at
I persused around a bit
excuses excuses
if im shitter
your even more shitter
i havre longer killtimes every fight
Heezzy
so this seems like its trying to show that zdoom is "less bis" for locks because its smaller ST upgrade over TOC than other classes
However you know seed is 90% of hyjal
and
the spriest set should be another set that hits the breakpoint
not just swapping weapon in place
did you explore the other options for hitting haste breakpoint at all
if you count the ones I tank and have shit parse on sure
I didnt count tho
leo/KT
sure call it 5/10 then
still cant be calling me shitter when I beat you on longer killtimes lil bro
get good
not my problem
sounds like a you issue
whats the void rever excuse
dont seed that much tho
jjust seed a bit while theres 4 up
seeding off the pet
so all bosses take dmg
should be good for the kill
that was our best kill by far
?
the prio target does take dmg?
you think prio target is pet?
again
sounds like a you problem
and sounds like your comically reaching for excuses
lmao
anyways I didnt seed for like 9 weeks but I really dont think its cheese
if we had 10 warlocks
and seeding would push 75%
id call it bad
but its fine
ðŸ™‚
lmao
hes asking for ppl to not AOE so he can parse
but criticize me for pressing seed
did you get like relly good RNG
or something
w the debuff
i havent been able to beat my early numbers because I catch the debuff
i look away for one seconds
and no more talking spriest
just boobas
@Ryusei so you said your gems and shits gonna be a bit fucked since you are stuck on ruby drape

but so am I
and I dont think any other gear gives hit does it
if I got a crit cloak
then it would just be gemming a bit more hit
not as big a deal as I thought
just need better neck
my crit seems low tho
28.1
guess fathom + neck
no prince neck sadge
I passed to everyone
and then never drop for me
but im getting close to verdant sphere
i do ofc
yea
most of time is a bit of stretch
my ele is a lil shit these days
only puts neck on if I tell him to
nah we p good about doing necks
but yea my crit seems weirdly low
i guess I just need fathomstone
yea
with sextant on im back up at 30%
ya I just dont think ruby drape seems that bad
im full jpaint spec
sextant
crit gems
jpaint

do you approve
of this
im just saying I dont think you need to plan around it that much
I seem fine w it
o if i swap JC hit neck
yea
its awkward
then id want the cloak for sure
but it never drops our arcane doesnt even have crit cloak
o well
ðŸ™‚
idk I think warriors are spiking in BT Hyjal
arpen is bigger than haste for them
you could be right
just my impression is that haste is a bit overrated and arpen in T5 is a bigger spike
whats you top 5 items next phase
your*
1. skull
2. ZD
3. ???
Big brain keep wings
Wings are from helm right
Sounds wild
One phase later just skip tp vash
All 4 locks got vests and I think need 1 wand
Are upgrades goggles gpod at all
Lmao
10 vash kills
And almost always one shot
all locks have prism too lol
And sextant
and belt and boots off blasting
are all done
I dont like how blizz kinda failed on socket bonuses and any meaningful choice w gems
its just stack best gem and get meta bonus
when i was a noob kid I thought gems were cool because of the RP choice
then I found out about hit and haste
and it was a huge chore to regem but so clearly bis
yea true
I had a cata shill in my guild too for P1
when we swapped shadow for alar but were still fire he didnt have ISB
i was p mald
and now I run cata afterr telling him how trash it is
irony
wtf
that ones not so bad
ye
i dunno my current spec is kinda retarded cata specs are weird
i have something like this atm

searing pain for tanking
its kinda frustrating because I tank Leo
and I feel unoptimal no matter what I do
but i guess warlock tank Leo is unoptimal
such is life
i just sac imp
but i hav no fire talents
sadg
mayb I should spec back
doom timing
idk I play lock tank to enable my team i want them to pump like that
doom timing, already casting searing before the transition
so your instantly landing
we dont get a second form change
ha
yea I havvent min maxed on that level
but I probably get 2 s just naturally
by the way we pul
Mayb I could be greedier with my gear
dont wanna grief tho
my raid just does too much threat
so I have to spam pain
and never pars
sadg
i want pala to do it
lol
we had like some top 10 parse for dmg taken
on leo last week
because someone zugged and the alt raid warlock couldnt get back
melee just ate so many blast
i sleeep during mag
you never sound like bhole for fflaming dps
flaming dps only natural
flaming healers/tanks
tread lightly
but dps fair game
laty just kinda fully retard in TBC
he was retard in vanilla too but at least he knew the game well
now in TBC he dont know game well
AND he is zug zug idiot flame everyone
meh
was he
fury prot tanking isnt difficult man
you get wbuffs
press 3 buttons
he took every piece of loot in game
even gressil
he still didnt rearlly do that well
alot of tanks outplayed him
imagine STILL using same chirrp that really says nothing about my personal skill
not trrue ?
like yawn bro thats really all you got
srry you simp for laty
laty is not that good at this game
being in a top guild doesnt make you automatically god of game
lol how
show me why
the only thing laty is beast at is flaming ppl
you never play warriorr or what
i watch him play
and I see him suck
He just goes all in on pull if he dies he flame tank if he doesnt he says im god
its not some incredible skill to smash all your buttons as a warrior
what lol
you mean hs cancelling?
everyone hs queued
hs ccancelling wasnt even good when fully buffs
LOL
hs cancelling doesnt make you good
it makes you kinda retarded actually
he was in top guild with top kill times in world

and he cant even parse
he wasnt that good man
he made tons of mistakes on a simple rotation
sure
im not
HE HS CANCELLED WHAT A GOD
lol
hes not terrirble but hes nothing special as far as warrirors go
and he flames ppl when he really should flame himself alot of time
hes wrong about so much shit
he keeps shilling Vash dagger
when its not good
gressil main tank
flaming ppl while being bad
makes you look bad
yes
alright dude
I watched him try to lead his NA guild through kara and it was a train wreck of him yelling for ppl to simp him while he fails basic mechanics
you gottta stop simping for ppl because of their guild
and mocking ppl because of their guild
like
guild doesnt make you good at game
lol
yea but he only uses it because he doesnt have better weapon not because its actually bis
laty is cooked
well idk what strearm you werer watching
and mayb you think hes good because your not good at warrrior
ðŸ™‚
HS cancelling lmao
I dont really simp ahlaundoh but hes clearly a much better player than Laty
literally any decent fury warrior in a guild with top kill times could do that
esp one who gets feral hunter group
most of the top killtimes
rraid with half the support
you see the three nota warriors below him
that raid without BM group
lol
nah they better than laty
i didnt say laty was shit player
I said hes overrated
not amazing at game
and his flaming isnt justified by his gameplaay
lol
550 dps gap between him and the top
lol
ahl is no more simped than laty is
ahl just actually plays well
lol
what should I start linking laty clips lol
think what you want foty you arent gonna bbe convinced
you dont know anything about warrior
HS cancelling
lol
i watched laty scream about going too slow in kara
then make his raid double back
to get chicken
then run in pull netherspite insta
and flame his raid
for being slow
when he dies
being complete idiot
lol
for every one clip of ahl like that theres 10 of laty lol
but thats good ahl clip lool
all gear = warlock prio ofc
idk we prio plenty of loot in various ways
furies DST
mages T5
idk whats wrong w prioing skull
prot pala gonna yoink first tier set
yea 45 dps is what I remember getting
over next best
i mean its probably 200 dps on aoe
lol
progress approves
idk I think it will still be melee stack or lock stack
I like how mages think its their lust to give tos omeone
its the shamans lust if anything
and the raid does what is best for raid
I know your not
your priest
because your priest
yep
its not the mages lust to give
its raids lust
lol
mages have spriest resto rando group, unlucky lust isnt good for that group
yea I mean if you have to have 26th man robot outside of raid doing something to be effective
I think its trash too
shoulda just done sated
or made group swaps not aids in combat
i know
its still stupid
when will we get smart healing with Prayer of Healing
using 26th man
idk our spriests wanted it for w.e reason
didnt seem v good for them
but gave them anyways
ye
yea idk seemed p small for them but its what they went for so w.e
now our spriest wants vestments
annoying
ryu isnt a mod?
who the fuck is a mod
shaggy lmao
hes still blocked
somehow tho I still see dick avatar
not many
only when krymer here
he too retarded to block
need entertainment
like warrior is good because he HS cancel
just read krymer as if he is 14
and it all makes sense
he lives on loot reaver?
we have a holy priest that uses necks
and run double ele
so basically cushiest group ever
even has atiesh
wait who gets ele boomy
or do you have alot of locks
ROFL
8 crit to double spriest
thats fucking rretarded
that is literally so retarded
2 spriests
getting boomy ele
lmfao
true
I contributed
give role
shut uppp
it was worse before
and then its worse lately cause of cum shit
not newbie questions fault
ppl being cringe's fault
and lack of moderation
or rather mods
coming in and post cum too
if your mods are degens your disc gonna be degen
imagine flaming newbie questions greatest channel ever
SMH stabile
"just saying cringe things to get reactions"
as you would say
but its not since the newbie channel
it got better w newbie channel
some point affter that
fell back into degeneracy
the wording places blame on newbie channel
i still dont understand why spriest boomy would automatically get 1 item while 4 locks fight over other 1 item
thats not how this should work
4 locks should get 4 items and spriest boomy should get 2 items
1 mage should get 1 item
its not a trade
when there is 4 locks in raid
yea exactly
so you react to the drop
not
sure
be practical
spread loot out to be fair to ppl
yes
im not giving first ZD to someone just because they are class : spriest
mayb if they deserve it
and pump
and put in effort
at this point its impossible to tell who is trolling and who is srs
all locks and prot palas have fang now
in both raids
shit drops so much
stabile
whats deal w prot pala weap
do you get some pvp weap and its good enough
or do you steal TOC
i think prot pala get first T6
and thats good enough
can use trash mace
sounds fine?
whats the issue
yawn
just bored of this convo lol
ye
if hes MTIng ST bosses I can see it
hit seems good there but not so great for consecrate AOE right
most prot pala just gonna take it
you give tank power over loot
you gonna have bad time
bruh
prot palas were pining for skull too
lol
only clown ones
but still
because every prot pala walks the line of spellpower so they can parse
so they die
whats that mean
like they dont heal the tank
yea sounds about right
we had dogshit raid but I got sunking talisman pog
go back to mage disc
yikes
you press 1 button and cant pink
sounds like a mage

LOL
This is actually you
isnt it
you actual retard
as you spread misinformation
you call it misinformation on reddit
go back to mage discord you lil shit
misinformation he says
ignores that top guild is running fire locks
calls it misinformation
noone cares about your void reaver stop being a little shit spreading misinfo about warlocks filipe
cause im not that bad lmao
yo sure thats wild
guilds are dumb
but yourr post is also troll bait
go back mage disc
rofl
I noticed this like 2 weeks in
happens like every time too
poison is a bitch
split

split 3 TK
top corner
ok
fuck you im too busy atm to look at your logs
idk I just asked FJeenzy and he said they running fire locks and that its worth
they keep hiding logs
gremmer
you linked me a  log where tettsu is playing boomkin
and your saying its a serious speedrun
k
ye
they only done like 2 runs and 1 deleted logs 1 scuffed fire
but word is
they running firre lock
you can doubt
and link rando logs
but what I hear from their guild is they rurnning fire locks and you ccan see them running fire in VOD
why would I listen to gremmer when I can just ask progress member about fire lock?
lol
noone did
no your just doing a fallacy
I said top guild is running fire lock and finds it worth
and you change it into "your praising them as the all being all knowing god"
p common bullshit on discord to happen
???
I asked progress member directly
his words were
"firrst run was scuffed, cant always use fire but for the little bit we can its worth"
I dont really feel any reason to argue with you same old thing again
progress is running fire lock because they think its worth it
you dont agree
yawn
cool
it also buffs immo all raid ya
shaman dmg sapper  too ofc
thats what they say but goesting still pumped
and didnt get vate or PI
i mean thats not progress's opinion but sure
say its because goesting better, howevverr you slice it he did fine dmg on arcfire
and wasnt scorching all raid cause of resists
like mages will tell you
if what your saying was true even a good mage would fall off the meters. there is simmed dps diff for arcfire and its like 100-250 dps depending on the killtime and support you choose
your wrong its better
because you guys only simmed 3 min fight
and used that to justify not playing arcfire
and arrcfire was always worth w 5+ locks
yea well you think its not for speedruns, many thinks this thats fairr
progress does
so
w.e
should we listen foolipe or progress
i think we should listen to foolipe
he posts on reddit
he probably knows
foolipe you ever play arc firer
those arcfrosts that he beat are probably betterr than you lets be honestt
no sad
no but prrogress does
another fallacy btw
its kinda does
shit guilds just follow meta
set by good guilds
??
I out play you we already established this
you cant call me shitter
when you do worse
ðŸ˜®
???
hey I do more than you on half the bosses w longer killtimes
your a shitter.
neither do i
i just press button
thats like 4th excuse you have made about  it
stop calling me a shitter, shitter.
theres nothing in your play that sets you ahead of me
warlock is easy
stop talkin shit
you just make fallacy argument afterr fallacy
it doesnt work
you call ppl shitters
that do bbetter than you
in game
lol
you called me shitter based on what then
lol
kek
what opinion
i didnt express an opinion
I showed that progress
has an opinion
thats all
clown
another fallacy
shitter.
Was fine just stop attackin ppl personally and you wont get sat down
if you gonna call ppl names on internet ppl are gonna respond to that
srry
what ego warlock is easy I dont think im gods gift to game I just dont put randos like gremmer on a pedestal
you act like I cant participate in a discussion because I dont speedrun like you
call me names
then I call you out as being just as bad
and o its all my fault right gremmer
huge ego over here
yea sure
if anything your the one trying to ego on me
do you even speedrun
your shit at game
etc
attackin my character because nothing to contribute to discussion.
if your the one who stoops to personal attack level, you cant then come at me saying I have huge ego for defending myself
sorry
yea I mean read convo there I barely say shit
right, when the discussion fizzles out someone is just upset ppl didnt say they were right and goes for some personal attacks to try to win arrg
and thats where it becomes dogshit
then he says its all my fault
wait what
dropped
what
yea thats what I thought
lost ark looks good tho
i just search isb uptime graph
everytime
and wade through shit til I find it
lol
â¤ï¸
gl
Skull zd, rings and belt mayb
Or farm own  rings mayb
If no vestments then legs
Youd blow way more for free
Shaddup
No but prob contested
Haste cloak num 1 item
I had sapper first time last night and felt great
Sappers had me beating mage outside his cds on lurker
Trash
Yea I kinda beat him before too I realise as I typed but sapper still spiked me up a bit
Felt more consistent
Feelscrafting
Ye
Well thats why I saud it
Because ppl said not worth
Defs seems worth to me
RNG is really wild
we all have boots of blasting in 2 raids
we have insane luck really
nother wand last night
all vestments and wands done
noone wants to be warlock trainer
mount trainer tho
neutral  AH goblinos
mail man
haris pilton
prolly kinda owns too
have you seen the wild items she sells
like ffancy ring and fancy neck
i wonder if anyone actually buys that
im convinced capernian is just trolling
had  one time yesterday where I did everything perfect in my eyes , insta cast on her, she is looking at me entire time, and she still just runs off to the center
ive done it enough where I basically do pixel same shit each time
w difff results
noone casting
on transition
i mean she had me tarrgeted whole time
start
i mean how can you be 100% sure
yes
she didnt go run and hit anyone
she runs into center while im targeted
even if someone did have aggro for 0.1 s
shes fucking trolling
that movement makes no sense
i hate caster tanking honestly shit is so jank in this game
who strreaming
ooff
you lied
they have warrriorrs
as expected
you hate to see it
imagine you lose on trash to one of the 2 warlocks you tried to cuck
as fury woyer

kek
theyll be top by the end anyway
cleave  pad
jokes aside its hype they run opposite comp
buncha ppl stacking locks
they try to run as lil as possible
they could use the combat res if it keeps going like it has XD
nota
y
salad bakers hunter stack uwu
i mean thats exactly what they did lol
laty loves hunters its class he plays

this is what they started with
as their comp
ofc by now they conform to someone else's meta
because theirrs was trasshhh
lol
did these ppl all quit?
they believed in the hunters initially
and had justificiations forr them
warlock in my guild got pvvp weap this week
stopped using atiesh
thoughts
it seems kinda close actually
in terms of stat values
and hes buffing shitty boomy and elements
always was
jk
you think  atiesh has ZD skull prio
and gave it up by getting pvp weapon
interesting
how many targets
our ele shaman has been doing firer ele every hydrross second phase
because hes salty
that he doesnt get to do dmg
on hydross second phase
you also miss dmg if a single murloc dies without blowing its seed up
I dont really believe in this whole cleave onto tidewalker for the bonus dmg thing
seeding tidewalker himself makes you kill the mobs evenly and prevents seed clipping
then the mobs die faster
and your back on boss
fallacy though, it will be more even with even dmg
just because you have some cleave
doesnt mean you should single target murlocs
thats the fallacy yourr making
the only arrgument is you will do sllightly more dmg because your  cleave hits the boss but id arrgue youd do more dmg finishing the murrlocs one seed cast earrly and getting an extrar shadow bolt on boss
sure its probably negligible either way
but these elitists who say never seed tidewalker and call ppl shit
kek
prrove that I am wrorng
smart man
dodging
see ppl act like they so smarrt but then just try to attack your character and present 0 logical arguments
yea
again
the attacks
no arguments
yea idk alot of ppl pretend they have good intentions but just want to be rude to ppl on internet
how is it coping its literally easy as fuck to just seed murlocs instead
I just legitimately dont think its better
your talking about 20% of a single capped seed tick each cast, and extending the time taken to kill murlocs by one FULL seed tick each cast
extending the time you are seeding, is not better than just getting back to bolting
they dont have to die evenly, if you arrer seeding a murloc your nerfing your dmg on murlocs
do we agree?
your doing less dmg to murrlocs
they will die slowe
you will ST less and seed more
and somehow the arrgument is that seed is better ST dmg than shadow bolt
rregardless of when you go back to bolting, that time will come slower if you are seeding murlocs.
it boils down to arguing that cleaving onto boss is better than shadowbolting the boss
thank you
no, you are bolting sooner Louki
you arent missing out on boss dmg , you are doing same murloc dmg and doing extra ST dmg to boss
thats not how that works either is it
its my own corr spell
not someone elses
again
you attack me
like if you have nothing to contribute
you can just not talk
you dont have to sit here
for personal parsing sure seed the murlocs because the murlocs will die slower youll get more seeds off
for killing boss faster
not convinced at all
theres no way that cleaving onto boss > shadowbolting  boss
why is it wrong
how can it be wrong
you do less damage to murlocs
what is the argument presented?
explain to me how you do same dmg to murlocs when each seed cast is missing one murloc.
please.
i already argued that it probably doesnt matter
got called a "bad take coper"
its on louki now to explain his logic
because frankly it makes no sense
bullshit man.
how the hell are you doing same dmg to murlocs
when you seed on murrloc
explain.
Your losing 1/12 of your seed dmg to murlocs, you cast 10-12 seeds in the AOE portion (in my logs at least),  thats essentially one extra seed cast required. That is like 2s of a 2.5s cast shadow bolt.

Lets say 12 for simplicity sake. 1 extra seed cast. You gained 12*(~30%) of a seed tick by casting onto boss.

seed ticks for 1044, like 1613 on a crit. 

say you crit 50%.

6 x 0.3 x 1044 + 6 x 0.3 x 1613 = 4782 dmg of ST cleaved onto boss to extend by one seed cast.

my average bolt cast is 4.9k on tidewalker. (with less than 50% crit)
no matter how  you slice it, its very negligible, but it does seem to come out in bolts favor
no im not
thats bullshit obviously this math doesnt cover every single factor but ppl accused me of not engaging  in the argument.
so I engaged
who does the vast majority of dmg to murlocs, warlocks or hunters and warrior
surer theirr cleave has a slight effect on this analysis
but it doesnt really disprove anything
for surer
I agree that its largely negligible but if you EVER drop a seed because murloc got killeed before your seed blew
you fucked yourself
sure
yes^
forr personal parsing seed murlocs
yea I do and thats why  I dont let ppl like Louki push me around by insulting me
indeed sir
indeed
you insulted me in a number of ways
ppl can go read themselves dont need to have a meta argument about it
so that in some way still extends the amount of cleaving that is done and reduces ST dmg
I suppose if you arrgue that warrior loses very little from cleaving last 3 mobs
then you could be correct
but its defs not super cut and dry and obviously better to seed murlocs
theres a few reasons but its kinda scammy
answer is it depends
but yea more flurry, they prroc  things  w cleave
so like mace proc
sword spec if arms
nothing matters hannu
we arre all particles
why are we here?
they dont count anymore
unless you kill them
its always a prractice run until you get the record
actually just pad better by killing a few off
stupid change lol
shoulda just removed entirely
oof I was looking at old log too, more recently my avg shadow bolt is 5.4k
thats part of the issue is your aoe capped you will never gain much from seed
your gaining 30% of aoe cap
ssc you gotta preclear right
nasty
its just funny because speedrun takes 20 mins of shenanigans before run
mayb more
is it?
you gotta get yourr raid all the way over there
kill trash
and cocme back
in order to do that you swim or you water walk at best right
imma say its not 5 minutes and your just arguing to argue
lol
yea sure
15 min isnt much
5 min sounds very fast tho
its just silly
speedrun should be how fast you do the dungeon
Khira trolled
w the reqs
i disliked fishing in AQ same reason
spend hours outside of raid to do a "speedrun"
rip
poggers
o
yes it does
they made it  not count
no logs count embers anymore
they even recrawled old logs
and dont count embers
unless you kill them , yes
WCL changed the rules
yes
the new parse meta
is kill 2 -4
killing embers dmgs boss
so its better to kill em off than leavve em up anything
well everyone can sneek in casts during dive
but yes its biggest on cleavers
as we said 3 times, if you kill them, they will count.
well imo agony is scarierr because the dot you might forrget and kill
but w.e
eh we just had a bad time w dots once
they add up
dot padders, deep wounds
you can remove agony
so if your brained its "safe"
but  then I have to trust warlock brains
ye exactly
pog
i got 99 on fathm finally easy
just seed
XD
haha
too early
yea
sam thing happened to me
i just got lucky
and didnt die
and yes tanks are bad and I flamed them after
yall need to taunt the bat
and not just one of you because he drops threat
by flaming I mean as nicely as possible asked them to pls taunt
lol
i dont actually lol
ok this is your pic
of 10/10
and you got 95 today

sadge
alar keeps charging me
and Leo and KT parse im so griefed I swear
do you guys get stacks on capernian
P3
it just does like 2% per kill
to boss HP
yes
because ppl kill them during dive bomb
its basically adding nothing
ye
yes
you have  to get em low and take them out safely and thats why louki says bad ccoordination
but your pala just says k kill these
and you kill
its just dumb tho
new parse meta
thats hard for alot of guilds to bother participating in
shoulda just removed entirely
debatable but sure
it might be better now
but its still kinda silly
whats happening
yea but it kinda forces you to kill phoenixes to parse
at least for warrior
and ultimately parse strat would still be doing degen things w the adds
sure you call it relevant but you can still pad
with the new rules
ill let you have its better now because not worrth arguing it just woulda been better to exclude phoenixes entirely
imo
lol
yea sure but they supposd to be top tier guild
and do top tier strats
the dmg you did to the phoenix will count in yourr logs, you will also kill boss slightly faster because killing phoenix hits the boss
the 2% just justifies killing them at all, because its "free" dmg if your padding durring down time on embers
its not going to add to your parse that dmg
its going to add the dmg done to the dead phoenix
im not sure
mayb
idk man the relvant pieces here are , when add dies boss takes some dmg, you can kill the adds during downtime when you cant hit the boss, if you kill adds your parse gets juiced
so its both better for speedkill to kill some embers in downtime
and its better for parsing
because it counts your add dmg when they die
thats all
right yea
thats why im complaining because its kinda annoying for many
to change the strat to kill adds and add coordination and risk
but
its also w.e
parse meme
thats you?
oof
surprises me tbh
that ppl wouldnt rip
yea yea i duno man I underrstand the arg
its just kinda weird champ
also isnt it RNG
sometimes phoenix dont spawn
for a while
or we just do P1 faster so it feels diff
right
dont tell prot pala disc that
Prot pala disc said seal twist not worth
Heh
Tru
loot drama story lets go
ivve heard onslaught is bad but
what happen
our LC system is p good I think
we have thats my bis to express interest, generrally we just follow loot lists but we still call ourselves LC so we have agency to stop some bullshit
try to give things out fairly to all raiders based on loot list, this adds transparency
and makes us trusted
100d is actually tiny ffor warriors
vs other classes
but try telling them that
for us , yea
not even all officerrs
we had too mny
like 5 trusted ppl weigh in
there needs to be transparency to your LC, wishlist thing helps
also helps you give ppl what they want and they cant be like "o i got stuff I didnt want and now I really want that item"
I dont think you want transparent list of whos in line for what
but you want a paper trail
you want to be able to defend any loot decision that someone questions
and having a wishlist helps w that
you dont have to fofllow wishlist you can say something like "bobby spriest missed 3 raids or got 3 items in a row so we went to next wishlister"
because yea things change
ppl quit
fucks up your pre-order
unless your gonna put new perrson last on everything
and that never goes well
dont let ppl feel entitled to anything
but have a way to tell them why X person got X item
rright
yes
the wish list paradigm allows for ppl to have rough expectation of loot but no promise so we dont have to give someone 4 items in a row because thats just how the list played out
ye
however being an officer on a LC is roguh if you like getting loot tbh
because sometimes someone in raid might get lucky things play out in his favor
but if it plays out in your favor EVER
ppl will accuse you of treason
so you basically have to be extra passive
you basically guarantee you will never get full phase bis ever
because iff you do someone will cry
yea
can be rough at start but you build up that trust
over the course of the game
mhm , you gotta set right kind of expectations of ppl
some ppl will always find a reason they have been fucked
"i ran heroics more than the other guy to help guildies I should deserve something"
our situation is p simple, if you come to raid and consume and spec and do whats expected of you, you deserve loot like anyone else
you dont get to be special for donating to gbank
or whatever
yea but you have to be very careful with performance/merit based decisions because they can be very subjectve
o he parses better, but other guy tanks or does a curse or w.e
if your not careful you will ffuck it up
and its not actually that worth to reward one dude who plays 1% better than someone else
because seniority lasts forever
there is no way you ever beat the dude who started the guild
on seniority
and seniority is p meaningless
right
I agree
if you dont wanna give some new dude a DST because he might quit
sure
but I dont call that seniority
I call that loyalty
you can set your system up to reward based on whatever you want, but you have to be up ffront about it
for every person like you that thinks loyalty or history or seniority has value
theres another that thinks their hustle does
or their contribution to guild bank
or whatever else
and thats what you deal with as LC
a buncha ppl w wildly diff reasons
about why they deserve loot
if you dont like someone enough to loot them, they shouldnt be in your raid
if you are forced to bring sub par ppl to raid
thats on you
your not wrong autist
they vary widldly
but you have to be care about those types of decisions
its hard to be all knowing god of your raid and accurately judge each person's individual contribution and accurately reward them
best thing you can achieve  is getting ppl to care less about loot in general
mmm
i dont get it
lol
im talking to a brick wall
p accurate most of time
I guess. We just skip that and take stance of well replace you if we think your bad otherwise basically treat you equally.

Occasionally a reward for really stand out guy like first dst drop makes sense. But they are rare
If we log dived id just find reasons to give me loot first tbh I go harder than most
Same w our officer healer
He own
Gotta kimda bench the ego .... We are just ppl playing a game. Its not that serious. Set expectations and if those are met treat ppl fairly like humans not weird online soldiers
Ok sure
One thing ppl mess up is haste increases your cast speed not reduce your cast time . 100% haste means you cast twice as fast, not instantly
Haste should be linear til cap I think
on average
obviously theres windowing problem
that  can dramatically change this
but yes
wait sorry korvo no
yes yes ok
Dont tap in lust try not to immo in lust but thats it I think
we just do 3 tank
but I think fury warr has to tank if you wanna do 4 tank FLK tbh
lmao I guess you can do some warden shaman meme
arms warr is in rraid to put up a debuff
he puts up that debuff on all 4 mobs
you gonna make him stand in corner
also arms can do nearly as much as fury on cleave fights
ye I think so too but didnt wanna ruffle ffeathers
MS too yea
you dont really use arms for bitch tank assigns because of his debuff
also arms is terrible  spec for tanking in general
this upsets furys
alot
sure
we just put our  prot warrior on it
and bear and prot pala tank everything
t5 raids are fun loot is lame
getting excited about 10 hit rating on  a wand
yea it kinda is
thought TK would be more epic
ppl were like ZOMG the trash in TK
your fFUCKED need 4 sheeps
what cause vuln?
seeding trash is dece
the bad parts for me are
banishing the fucks
and having to fear the pre KT shit
i know theres better way to do the trash but  cant get my raid to bother
we have 1 sheep so I fear the centurions
that do the spin arcae flurry
Im p sure better raids just tank them outta range
and seed
its what im not seeding
and im talking the pre KT trash yea
not that trash
the pre pre KT trash
the ones in hallway
bigger packs
where 2 spinners
that can be CCed
yes you can
but I dont get to
so I  mald
o magic dust?
if I bring that mayb I dont have to fear hmm
i was disappointed that succ doesnt work
on anythng
like what a cuck
they made succ not work so you would have reason to bring mage
change my mind
ye^
hehe
somoeone convince me to either be mad or not mad that our warlock stopped using atiesh ffor pvp weapon
i tend to this conclusion
but then I remember how vehemently he wanted atiesh
is that because your a chad and your other locks
are not chad
upside is I was gonna give a mofucka first weap next phase for being a noble atiesher
ty â¤ï¸
you just woke up late tho shaggy
most cringe part was early
ye
is gremmer a euro cunt
alright accurate then
do live in amurrica shaggy
me ?
unlucky
double that
o no you meant twoinch
SOM gold buying
i think that might be best use of SOM
go make 60 miner lock
farm arcane crystals in DME
sell early on
while other ppl are busy playing game
transfer gold back to TBC
through trade
big profits
bet you get insane rate of return
then sell the 60 lock
for another 500 bucks
or something
hannu made it in twice
which is massive
!hannu
not yet hey
did krymer really make it in
or does he just consider himself an average californian male
hes lumped in in the mage section
I dont get this one either
is this just music for 14 year olds
sure ye!
but just using that shit as a vessel to never need TBC  gold again
get to play through the leveling as warlock
best part of game anyway
rush 60, start making gold
right
youll get such a good rate of return at the fizzle of this phase in TBC
and the boom of SOM
true
youd do it for the fun first
and have an exit strategy before you actually play vanilla again
thats kinda way things go
but its just RNG
you get best item first you might not get some small pieces
and then boom 4 best items drop
and not enough small pieces
Imma start posting spriest memes in spriest disc and see how long til your tryna ban me
Isnt there new gems by the time we get T6
might as well smoke em while we got em
???
this is such bizarrre convo lol
hes talking about rright now
gemming his T4
and yall like
P3 wait til T6!
its not bis later!
why would you gem non bis
Just farm em again
Lazy af bruh
I think I have like 2 gem rn that aren't epic
And you call yourself try hard gremmer saving gems for next phase
Pfft
Idk where you find all this hit
Do you gem hit
Isnt it better to run hit on the greens and the one fire opal and then do Rubies or Crit+SP
Rather than gem veiled
i mean gemming optimally isnt just about parsing
but k
you actually use that on VR
?
is it good
yea threat thing
fuck THAT
threat reduc
prism/fetish/invis/shatter
i cant imagine ever wearing T3
why dont we just ban these dissenting opinions like other class discords
your seething lol
ROFL an spriest trying to come at warlock sims
hahahahah
hahahaha
no no you did this without me
you popping off mad
about sdoom
you act like your just trying to have a discussion
but your full of shit
your here to troll
LOL
doing the thing where you make fun of someone else's choice in pass time
while you play classic wow
for 6 years straight
who the ffuck cares if you dont like the game dont play it noone needs you to tell them why their opinion is wrong
classic LoL would be dope
dam League private serv
yes
I blocked you because you were trying to instigate a cringe argument , just like you are trying to do now
bruh I was in FC like 2 years before classic released
shit disc now tho
all the good warriors are gone and its just skarp and Beanna sitting around being cringe
its even worse
yea hell simultaneously bully and shit on you for going for "parsing"
while doing the exact shit he mocks


shadow priests are support not dps caster
samy with boomy
and ele
Hammertime @Blow
Spriest be like
https://tenor.com/view/mc-hammer-cant-touch-this-gif-20008560
Did you ever do comparison to other ways to hit haste breakpoint than assuming you get 5 pieces of highly contested haste gear
such as the haste legs
haste off hand . neck.
worse by 15 dps
ok
so you take that
15 dps is tiny
you dont get zhardoom for 15 dps
and 4 other haste pieces
harder prog on sunwell
is the goal
try to make a real classic experience
i know its hard for spriests
understanding that AOE dmg scales crazy w haste
its tricky
well over 100 dps
ill sim it tho
even tho we have publicly available sim
4 of them actualy
ive seen numbers
I got 100 dps with quick sim if all standard buffs are on
its obvs more if you have boomy and stuff
6 targets
lets do 12
because 12 is hyjal
140 dps
tho these numbers are quite large
i wonder if its fucking aoe cap up
I got 7k dps
sim
sim seed on 12 targets
with P3 gear
lol its called scaling
when you try to clown
but clown yo selff
standing inside conflag range lets you open shadowburn
which establishes insta trheat so it doesnt run as much
walking out of conflag range would be best yes
arcane might?
n thats diff
yea probably one of them resist necks I guess
yea
I want to seed with impunity
and not worry about ripping and griefing
fetish/prism let me do that
I could use some other proc and rip 1 in 5 pulls
and do the same dps anyway
fetish lets me go harder from the pull
idk mayb some other guilds have tanks that sapper every pull and never rip with seed
but iff you occasionally rip and slow down your run, just use threat reduction not TLC or some shit
I still use proc trinkets I just swap out second trinket
and first is always threat reduc
right, I usually win in my guild on seed
and the other ppl are ripping aggro
trying to beat me
looking like idiots
once in a while some proc trinket user pops off and beats me and doesnt die
but its p rare
shatter is p unusable IMO
i mean you can use once in 5 mins
but you might grief your boss fight if its not up
its good as an oh shit button not so much as a reliable thing
for sure
for us its we die for our ele shamans sins
alot of the time
ele rip insta
gets taunted
now all seeds are griefed tho
gz on your 1 chain lightning
Ok jpaint must have been literal pepega range the WW range is tiny
Ive been close but mever hit by ww
gz
but it took you 3 months to get 99 so your trash
just like take me 4 week to kill vash
My lock sat on jindo bag and mage blade through naxx lol
t5 chest enjoyer
o no no no
anni is prob legit, prob always has been
but warriors wont tell you that
like theres no way it wasnt worth to have one of your 20 warriors run anni in vanilla
but ppl have egos and want to parse not anni
o was that the shtick
ok so in that case it WOULD be better than vanilla
because your getting the full pen
not just 50
put that prot pala to use I like it
I mean you just experience the death of the game at the players hands - ofc game was sociable at start of vanilla and that fell off as time went on
we are just late game now
GDKP meta
yea wbuffs so sociable
wbufffs make things happen in the world I agree
I wouldnt call that sociable
but yes
it makes world alive
because ppl are compelled to do things in world
and punish them
you can still get good world pvp in TBC just everyone swipes and hates playing game
but you get pvp at farm spots still
if you actually play game
world buffs just forced ppl into the world
without that, ppl would have been just as raid loggy/anti game playing
as they are now
lol
yea ppl avoided playing game as much as they possibly could still w world buffs
get summoned around ffor 10 gold
each
swipe swipe
done wbuffs
ppl just dont actuallly enjoy playing game for game
they just want to collect pixel and pink number
can blame the game can blame the player it is what it is
ye
theres also just harder faster seritonin hits in games now
can rip a league game in 15 minutes and get that ego hit
or valorant
or w.e
you dont get the same kinda drip from wow outside of raid
the only content that feels meaningful is content that progress your char
but swiping is the real death of game man
sanctioned swiping and GDKPs
like i dont blame GDKP ppl but the way it encrourages swiping and discourages social interaction
is bad
so you need 10k gold per item
noone said its dead
ok depends on the GDKP
anyways I see I struck a nerve
and ppl defend GDKP
its fine loot system its nice
but it encourages swipers
and thats bad
forr sure
it has its upside
but it has its down side too
and its a purple player created thing
yea no swipe GDKP would own
its a great system
its just swipe  fucks the game up man
yea I do this on both toons now every week
fucking engi
problem is scrolls are just a bit too strong to skip
20 STR?
thats just too strong man
cant skip it
also melee get no free mana pots
or cheap manna pots
so its like 10 g every 2 minutes for melee
in just pot cd
I like the rocket boots and cables
more than bombs
feels so good to res my priest
and rocket boots run back + water walk or para cloak
so bis
is there any alar parsing strategy
other than killing birds
sounds good boys
thanks for the tips
i mean if you have a top guild killtime parses are free ofc
shaggy bro one moment you hate this game with a burning passion
next minute your making second lock
whats ironman
you mean just hardcore
no talents no profs only white items
no group
no pots
lol this is peak autism
lol poggerrs
theres still some dude lurking here who logs in to game messages my guildies some copy pasta about how terrible of a person I am and then logs out
its someone in both FC and warlock discord they make that clear in their pasta
anyways hes too pussy to even stay logged in for a response so he wont out himself here
i have one
apparently its been updated

nah
my guildies are p entertained
true
he coulda done alot better I agree
me?
O I get it because I make good pasta
nope im canadian
and irish before that but I dont really count that
i do make good pasta tho
IRL and in disc
!bowiz
kekw
you dont swap it in combat
just use on seed pulls
idk mayb im wrong but I still use it
surely its worth for the icd
tap swapping is kinda smart I guess
why does that command say its worrse
than Bloodmaw
for AOE
yea its kinda funny
someone made that and really didnt wanna buy a bowiz
sweet chili for me isnt usually gochujang
its that sweet chili sauce
you see like everywhere
gochujang is p bomb tho

this type of shit
is usually sweet chili to me
and gochu jang is just its own thing

anyways
they are both sweet
and spicy
can be more or less spicy
gochu jang has alot of sugar in it makes it kinda annoying to cook with
burns easy
but you can just use as sauce
ye  p much same
but at the time it was also ST dps upgrade
and then I was fire and I was like sweet I can have sunfire on main
and sp or soulfrost or int on bowi
ANNOYING PART OF BOIWIZ IS the oils
I do have the macro its nice
but gotta remember both through raid thats all
lol
lol
2nd ashes
this raid has like 5 vestments 5 wands
2 ashes
like 5 or 6 dsts
the RNG man
everyone has boots of blast
gz
shit gems tho

boys 2 ashes
and yall know how long it took to kill KT
you guys still do kara eh
shiiiit
ye
but we in full raid log season at this point
Noobs w the top speedrun and fire locks
china numba wan
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/yQnmzLtYDw23MXbB
its terrible for speedruns tho
kekw
looks like they ran 2xarcfire
less scorch resists if you barely have to scorch?
tru
its a fire warlock and fury warrior world
even in the mage best phase
tru
arcfire mage world
top speedrun better disband
how many ashes tho
2 ashes in 1 raid for us
and we didnt kill KT for like 6 weeks
chadmode
what is this white meme
white christmas?
o please
only because spriests and mages invaded to connstantly talk abbout it
we werent having P3 loot prio chats on the daily until a buncha ppl who are only invested in loot prios came here
warlocks that want to talk abbout warlock stuff arent constantly bringing zdoom up
I mean what topics do you actively participate in other than Zdoom prio trolling?
thats offensive
arcane anus once banned me for using that term
yes
there was 1000 ppl calling me retard and sperg
??? I just call it like it is bruh
we didnt argue about zdoom when it was warlocks chillin...
you know how annoyed other discords get when I do what you do Blow?
We just chillin tho
all good
like if I went spriest disc and tried to argue with spriests about zdoom every day
passion would just bban me
lmao
how bout those Noobs Fire locks tho
hnnnng
krymer talks shit about everyone behind their back
thats just how snakes are
ðŸ¥±
Im diamond in starcraft 2 thank you very much
â¤ï¸

â¤ï¸
i only play zerg
dota tho I probably have 1k MMR  RIP
kinda just tongue in cheek / joking tho
noone plays SC 2 anymore
sure how good are you
If your not close MMR in SC2 its p pointless  tbh I always beat someone who is like 200 MMR down
and always  lose if its 200 MMR up
haha
Ive been playing LoL again
In the raid loggy time my guildies started playing
and that game is so crack-like
like if wow is crack LoL is like a speedball injected
yea I hate that game when I win
hate it when I lose
but I still play it
I prefer dota in every way but that shits a diff kinda crack man
im hoping for riot MMO to be good
amazon is trash they ruin everything
riot should deliver a much better product id think
Riot has alot to draw from right, they already have a universe/world
new world has to do that from scraatch
riot MMO is more like WoW, where it can build on warcraft fandom
nah ppl definitely REALLY do want this genre, they are just discouraged after tons of fails
and end up back on WoW / FF
thats the problem is its hard to give a full on MMO on release because the games are so massive
they end up getting good years later
and then the hype is dead
noone plays
etc
idk riots done well w valorant , TFT was p nice, they have a solid track record
yea I mean there is things to criticize but tehy probabyl wont apply to the MMO
yea its been coming
eh valorant is totally fine game
riots big problem was they balance game to sell skins
but valorant is just cosmetic guns and they dont really nerf/buff weapons to sell cosmetics
they have a better way to hook ppl now
idk diff games diff markets
diff targets
yea I mean when we were playing league all the boomers just kept playing dota
and said how shit league is
its same type of shit w pubg fortnite
i dont enjoy fortnite either but whatever melts your butter
i duno you just gotta accept your not gonna like the same things as new generations
different strokes diff folks
the cringe thing is when ppl try to rationalize why their dumb time waster is better than someone else's
who fucin cares
its all waste of time
I really doubt fortnites have mroe apm than SC: BW
yea and SC BW apm is like double or triple that
yea yall overestimating that shit SC ppl are multitasking like 5 things at once
its way more than just building and jumping and shooting
wym
my question is why did noobs run MULTIPLE arc fires
mages sharing the scorch load
mages always sharing loads
does arcfire have some hidden sauce
that mages kept from us
i think they just like flamestrike
[manual of the nethermancer]
13580 * X/X+1 where X is number of mobs
IIRC
the spec noone ever played
rip
yea theres an argument
you already have 70% pushback reduction the pushback other classes receive is far worse. You can also tap during the pushback alot of the times
Meanwhile other classes literally just cant cast during that time
you didnt tho. You just said earth shield locks because they get to 100%
thats all you said
@gremmerðŸ¢ YOU are the only one being cringe here and its quite blatant lmao.
you said nothing about life tap
nothing about other classes
THe thing is shamans dont want ES because they have Water Shield. Spriest can shield himself. So only targets for ES are mage when he doesnt have veins popped (because veins is 100% pushback), and boomy and locks
Boomy also has options like using moonfire during pounding
but thats not optimal for him
id just rotate locks and boomy, our priest covers our ele shamans and mage with PW:S
I forget who said this
o two pound fish affliction parse chaser
thats right
if you int wipe for parses in P1
on gruul /mag
your parse chaser.
if you have affli parses with curse of doom
your parse chaser.
that guy is the epitome of it
yea and its parse chasing
so hes parse chaser
loool
simple stufff here gremmer
yes he did./
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/AYk91XMRrgvBD6Hj#fight=32&type=damage-done&source=20&ability=603
stop trying to argue with everything I say gremmer
your STILL being cringe.
yea and he got rank 1 mag with doom
lol
????
okay so I was right
thanks
kekw okay thanks
i dont care
about his shit rn
literally does nott matter
i mean i called someone a parse chaser in early P1
how is his current parses in P2 relevant at all
to this convo
its not.
https://tenor.com/view/loser-gif-8484142
i dont want to come to your discord cookout
or whatever the fuck
lmao
what is the ceasefire
Ill come to ceasefire if mages admit they were wrrong about firelocks in writing @Blow
and that my termination in the mage discord was wrongful as I was only trying to educate the retarded masses
im still in prirest
just not the mageposting parrt
warlock disc allows shadow priests and arcane mages to run rampant while the mages and spriest discs silence all naysayers
we need equal treatment before we can have a dinner
the spriests were manipulated by mage discord into thinking we shill 0 ISB for them and they turned our greatest ally into our enemy
they also made false claims about arcfrost vs arcfire performance and must answer for these crimes
im jk in case anyone cant tell
and is about to @ me with some cringe thing
you know how you dont send the engineer to meet with clients you have a people person instead?

See you were the engineer the person who actually did work. Im the guy you send to the meeting to represent company interests
Thats not to say Im good at my job
just clearing it up
You needed a HR department to eat all the hate for you
cant be getting direct to engineer complaints
the engineer might rope
hehehe
YAY 1.8K on KT while tanking
fixed my dog parse
i got the prot war to dagger stack capernian
and it made such a diff
and then yea we finally lusted P4/P5
instead of P3
theres like 30 chinese warlocks with 2.4k on KT
somehow

8 and 9 buffs on a warlock

2 innervate 4 lust 3 PI
this guy is a fucking chad honestly

who needs arcane mages
wait hes not even fire
trash
Not myth
Yea if everyone jumps he just sorta spins around in place
Shit works
I been considering old gear gemmed w spheres
So cheap
All
Yep
You have a 70 up?
Imagine you dont have scryer bloodgem
Not really parse even
Just good
No you tell ppl
Helps you pump
Leo stay in center
iff everyone spammed jump the whole time he just wiggles around
but obvs ppl need to cast
any non scryer bloodgem resist set enjoyers
kekw
remember when it was "o you only need bloodgem for prebis"
"im going aldor"
now its bis seed enchant
AND
bis for so many fights
ll
lel
scryers is better for seed
lol
iirc
i do have saph
on my shoulders
ofc
once again im better tahn gremmer
way she goes
hahaha
i swapped to warlock so I had no shit to stack them
no shot
but I yoinked one on last naxx
in pre patch
I have never been to a fdkp
gdkp
I had a few T3 pieces
but still like random bloodvine and shit
idk I dont think gear really mattered much ofr leveling
I just hellfired to 70
got full oblivion while dungeon leveling too
other warlock in group didnt want
sure it can be
healthstone
but who actually does that
yea
but its gonna take way too much finicking around
like if you get the proc
need to insta pull boss
or your just grief yourself
seems not worth doing at all
meh
still
your sitting there like
spam lifebloom me pls
and then your like OK PULL BOSS
yea but chicken lasts 4 minutes
not 20 seconds
yea but chicken lasts 4 minutes
airman?
yea thats decent
i dunno its still to finicky for me to bother with
shit like thats so cringe in raid
"pls wait to pull til I can proc my thingy pls"
yea i just cba too bother doing shit like that
again chicken is guaranteed proc that lasts 4 minute and buffs entire group
chicken is on a whole other level
your comparing 5% haste for an entire party guaranteed
to 80 spell power for 30 seconds on a proc chance
yea
its busted
5% haste for entire party
is better than DST
unless fight is really long
yes but your a warrior with execute and reck
and your dmg profile for the fight looks like thtis

i like it
Its just safer and more aggressive w seed
I usually beat other ppl in my raid and get more seeds off w it
and sometimes they rip while not even topping meter
because they dont use threat reduc
???
on equip CD doesnt exist
thats removd
i mean if you have ppl occasionally even rarely pulling aggro w seed, you should wear threat reduc and make trash smoother
if you literally never rip
obviously you dont use threat trinket
it depends on how much AOE you run
if your AOE phase is extended
TLC gets better
if your AOE phase is short
sextant
mages dont even want
at least my mage
i mean they have SCB , TLC, Icon
Serpent Coil Braid
mages arent aoe capped
i dunno mages like TLC more iirc
but they may have changed their tune
realised its good

1 sextant user
in all these ppl
mages have CDs right
so popping icon with veins
has value
they stack everything
SCB > Icon > Veins
or you just have random sextant proc at random time
where your frostbolting or some shit
sextant proc into evocate
poggers
sure
mhm
nah they scorch in top speedruns
true
yea I mean late phase good guilds bosses die fast enough
but you frostbolt ffor mana conserve
if you need to
some mages just dont even bother tho
tthey just sit there and regen
lol
but yea never heard of mages wanting sextant at all
and I spent a lot of time in mage disc LOL
TLC yea
shits retarded but its xelrogs guild
so you know
notihng new
he got fathostone so I get skull
poggers
we DE nexus keys
even retards can clear day 2 thats just time spent
ðŸ™‚
hehe
who cares when you clear bosses when your whole raid has belt and boots, vahs robes, fang, wand,
and you out pump all these week 1 clear "chads"
i mean you meme your own guild
never heard that one before
ðŸ™‚
no WE are the best boomer guild
anyone who tries harder
doesnt qualify for boomer
anyone who is worse
is DOGSHIT
like gremmer
i vanquished you on KT last night
while tanking boss
no
lustted boss
P4/P5
so officailly out parsed you on most fights
even while stuck tanking
ez clap
I mean I tanked boss at same time
what made me pump was getting prot warr to dagger capernian
while I tank it
not really the change to lust
he didnt dagger til thala dead
and its not really better
you still dont have weaving
or any other debuffs
misery
ele scales poorly
lol
they just scale poorly tho
its just true
they have 2.5 cast time spam spell not 100% coeff
they have haste problems
no?
but CL gets haste capped
they also dont have any crit dmg talent
iirc
ok they do
yep
arcane fire is a 500 dps loss
goesting is just really good
and other progress mages are terrible
noobs mages are just really good too
â¤ï¸
fire is unplayable in speedruns
they were all arcifre
so no
progress is on top now anyways
and theres no dps difference yet again
and the fire locks pump


noobs run
both of those mages are arcfire

all 3 top speedruns are warlocks stacks
2/3 running fire locks
o did they
dam boys
its a fire lock world
whats the mage take
yea they prob still living in their fantasy bubble
every other class discord talked shit about fire lock
warlock disc was right
poggers
sounds accurate
but in the end
who was right
why
lmao
nah
most mages suck
lock is very easy to execute
average guilds cant affford vates to the mage
and the mages misplay anyeways
still on that copium
they be huffin it
til the end
THIS WAS MY ARGUMENT
THAT THEY CLOWNED ME IN MAGE DISC FOR
iff your speedrunning, you dont sim 3 minute fight
you sim 60 min fight
hehehe
yawn
yea yea just like you should seed murlocs for personal parse
thanks Louki
shits lame but its kinda necessary if you wanna parse that fight
in the end, top 3 speedruns for the phase (nerfs inc next week) are fire locks
unless NOTA gets results
mages would be SEETHING
I mean you had foolipe making fake cartoons with my name
they STILL seethe about me and call him hannu pls
I think their investment level
is accurately portrayed
yea I bet
they are invested and to pretend they arent now
kekw
just more copium
mages were wrong
got owned
its ok
i been wrong before too
ðŸ™‚
why was progress run not clean
what did they fuck up
nightmare seed are OP
HS
you also get like some HS like consume next phase
i forget what its called
whats the leaderrs name that streams called again
on twitch
dam they got poly
salad bakers in shambles
they should try running fire lock
might get better time
is this a good pace for NOTA
wheel of time ad
you guys watch that shit?
its p good
ye
warriors are good for shit like tht
and that could be the difff maker
if the rest is clean
dam no reck
but even then
warrior CDs are still strong
and execute
for killing the dude before WW
ah yea
this is a win right
iff they dont fuck up
rip
fire lock king
gg
Every class discord that denounced fire locks
must now kneel at the feet of the 3 kings of SSC
all fire locks
so basically every other class disc wrong
warlock disc right
dunked
all hail jpaint and ryusei
the true prophets
you joining the list of immigrants to my server?
we can hold hands in org
I know a real nice walk on the beach
we can log in once a week and farm shards together
before raid
poggers
also is there any better shard farming spot than the fishies outside SSC
why you coming over
is market falling apart on your server?
I have killed so many fishies
I dont even loot them
do they EVER drop anything
yea but if it dies a bit does it relaly matter for raid log guild
only reason I can see to leave is if AH is ffucked
T6 PTR or ?

so BT and Hyjal?
We can go?
My guild will do drunken PTR tomorrow night
I will gather you warlocks without a home
usually 9 eastern NA
srry boys
cool
fair warning though our PTRs have typically a drunken 6 hr slog through the prog
hahah
y
https://teron.faldorn.net/terongame/
for your raiders
teron gorefiend simulator
lemme know how many tries it takes you to do the game

its easy
have to click to target them tho
mm ok
give me a time to beat
https://teron.faldorn.net/terongame/
sheesh
I got 31 s how do you go fast
am I supposed to use the two buffing spells
i cant do better than 30 s Ryu
wtf
how do you do that
thas waht I did
but 30 s is best I can do on this one
does ice lance do more dmg aty range orr something
why no move
@Ryusei IDK i got 29 seconds was my best
doing exactly that
I dont believe you
SS
pls
https://teron.faldorn.net/terongame/
cool
now I dont feel like an idiot at least
yea I think mayb skip second nova
if ryu got 27 its probably a gold parse
since 28 was pink
I want proof
that gold  parse exists
SS pls
dam no gold parse
mayhem
can you please give your take on 3 top speedruns this phase being fire locks
@Mayhem
o shit
fusion
came out
@Mayhem What happened bro

yiiiikes
reliquary of souls
sounds about right
im in a complete dad guild tho that took 2 months to kill KT
and still did better than your ass
whats your take on fire lock being bis
is it just the top guilds memeing with their resources and gold
kekw
!mayhem
no no mayhem
only cause mayhem went cringe tirade
so had to give him the shit
obviously im meming its probably just environment
parsing as warlock isnt exactly a feat
haste gemerinos
haste pvp neck
haste pvp trinket
i duno
battlemaster's alacrity

how good is haste trinket
do I need 30 K honor
even for seed?
good.
i dont wanna farm that shit
dmf
dmf is good iirc
assuming you keep uptime
indeed
its no guarantee we get those because of PTR
remember non unique epic gems
theres precedent of not having PTR items match what we get in live
and hows the pvp neck
for seed only?
beaten by verdant sphere
?
on ST?
do we also get a new pair of pvp bracers?
Should I farm honor for that
if I dont have mindstorm
yea true
i know they crafted just figured theyd take a bit
because need HODs
but you COULD just buy it week 1
yea
unlikely
oo
gremmer
you can come to our BT tomorrow
and I can farm you live
eh its not actually broken apparently
it was just always like that in TBC
yea
apparently
lol
https://www.reddit.com/r/classicwow/comments/rcqtah/incubus_warlock_pet_possibly_coming_to_burning/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf
@Xelrog
There is hope

sheesh
^^
poggers
grats blow haste gems
no more problem
@Blow Gratz man
does value of haste change if you set infinite mana?
Because Taps are hasted, Taps cant crit.
so in theory if you dont get free taps, haste gets better relative to crit right
sure
but its still worth noting that it performs better if infinite mana is offf
or no free taps
and there may be some small changes to gearing if you have ffree taps/infi mana
...
pvp neck
or crit neck
for example
both items you should have going in
just something to bear in mind while simming
it may end up being irrelevant
but I dont think you actually know that its irrelevant
well theres some haste items with poor stat budgets (like the haste neck from PVP)
your probably right ffor 90% of item decisions
but its just something worth considering
if ppl get diff results about what gear is good
could be a source of confusion
or if you look at some of the haste "catchup" pieces in ZA
tbh blizz is
in really bad palce
ppl are boycotting their games
streamers opting out off streaming it
and all they can do about it is do silly changes to old game
its p pathetic
gamers might not realise how bad it is for blizz atm
yep
but theres a reason they are trying to put out the fire
they are fuckin getting gunned down
yep lol
its a joke
they are fucking driving themselves into the shit
https://clips.twitch.tv/ThoughtfulOpenTeaSpicyBoy-R5UfJS-jmmUt0NJD
im quitting wow
mommy told me to stop
same shit as always
fire is just bigger than ppl who are sitting inside WoW bubble realise
why is it that every time i open this discord, it's always u bonobos talking about some degen shit
whats your top score on Teron gorefiend game
https://teron.faldorn.net/terongame/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EM1LxHosiFM
HYPE HYPE HYPE
doesnt seem like any of those private server TBC guilds reallly panned out hey
Resist XD
etc
you have to click or tab target
RIP
@Aloysius owned by week 8 vashj killer
actually idk what week it was
week 3 ok
almost like time taken to prog not the only way to measure your guilds cock
too wimpy to stop dragging
kekw
https://tenor.com/view/upisnotjump-measuring-measuring-tape-gif-21805734
and I come back to everyone comparing their parses
also this convo began with comparing parses
kekw
anyways put anotha W in the column for healspls this phase
ofc it doesnt
just the irony
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
me just getting 99 with no shenanigans
https://tenor.com/view/drink-shot-glass-whiskey-pour-pouring-gif-15196770
https://tenor.com/view/squidward-dab-poop-eating-booger-eating-dump-gif-21558188

idk is that high roll
thats not 50%
I think its around there yea
i dont know in raid exact num
but I have boomy
neck
etc
one resisted
but hey cope all you want
yea and I used destros
so not a high roll
EZ
just git gud
27 .XX sec is best ive seen
sup
if you guys need tips to parse better lmk
alar I got scammed charge
yea
I mean we only had like a few kills where a 99 was actually possible and not omega scuffed
yea vash 99 is the real skill
if you kill the adds they count
if you dont kill and just pad they dont
I think its just a timer, if your phase 1 is fast you wont see many adds
yea
you mistake RNG in phase 1 for RNG in the spawn
im not sure usually 9 eastern but my RL might chaange to saturday
they just bind it
together
macro
@Zuzandir you shuold macro it
phase 2.5
full deep dick nerfs I think
im proud of fusion
coming out strong in the end
repping for NA
it doesnt really matter
it accomplishes their goal to let shit guilds catch up
its whatever
its not really about whether the changes are good or bad changes. its whther they give us what OG TBC had
they are just doing exactly what they said they would do
nah
who cares if its "too easy"
it really doesnt matter
its not a change targeted to you
yea well they said theyd give the nerfs from TBC not special nerfs for what  YOU want
nope they said they would put in the nerfs ffrom OG TBC at a time they deemed reasonable
they didnt promise o we will only nerf X Y Z and have 0 reason or obligation to
I just dont think it really matters at all
who cares
its boring anyways
They also said they were applying those nerfs weeks ago
and didnt
idk I dont see blizz having any actual promise to the players
about what will or wont be nerfed
this is just a buncha huff n puff about nothing
hehee
classic mage disc
theyll realise real quick
unfortunately they dont care to cater to the harcore players
and these nerfs arent for you
its sleeper anyways
shits boring as fuck as is
yall wasting energy
o yes they are
some ppl are very happy for it
maybe noone in your play bubble
doesnt matter blizz said theyd give nerfs to help dads
and thats what they did

and these are just the ones that put logs up
plenty of shitters w no logs
ROFL
and some guilds got 10/10 at some point
but no longer manage it
because of roster issues or w.e
yea fair
Whats your point
so whats the implication
they said that it wasnt true prenerf and was wrong numbersr
idk
ppl just like to complain
theyll complain no matter what the nerfs are
not worth the energy
see everyone has diff opinion on it
ppl will always be mad
they did what they said theyd do
theres a reason for it
unforch it doesnt suit you
whatever you say
if I had it my way they wouldnt nerf it either. But Its not about me. Im not being 3 head. It just is what it is.
its not worth
the energy
but sure go get mad on the forums
your point is they gave more nerfs than initially promised sure
https://tenor.com/view/skipping-couples-best-friends-happy-holding-hands-gif-13907324
like sure get mad they nerfed more than they said in a blue post
i am a fem orc after all
well they have had multiple statements and id agree that they contradict themselves here
but hey they also drop PTR w no post at all LMAO
its holidays
take a lil break
kekw
poggers

should do infinite mana as well
since fire use immolate
??
dont you lose 15%
either way
I very much doubt you meant just ISB for your spriest as the difference maker when you made this statement
hey guys I got a DST last night poggers
Gz me
also someone gave me vanilla woyer role hey
sneaky sneak
one of you is always fucking w my roles
@Skycrab
IS IT YOU
@Skycrab sorry
yea but its like saying the skillcap for eating a banana is higher than an apple because you have to unpeel it
neither one is actually hard
!hannu
!healspls
!@tted you in p2
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
alright boys post your loot lists for T6
so I can copy them

I got clowned for this
but
youll see
mayhem you got rolled bro - fire locks bis in T5
keep tryna cope
you were wrong AF
uh oh Blows guild said no incinerate
depends on your raid comp obviously
if you have 15 casters aff is surely worth
extreme  example to show that its not just white or black answer here
yea standard comp I doubt its worth
but its also not terribly unworth
if you got someone who enjoys affli its not gonna crater your raid dps
kek
tru ryu
like 5% dmg
whats lock disc PTR
back?
PTR went down?
can I play arms
I got DST yesterday
wtfff
why did they take it down
ii was gonna raid tn
so you think we should go for TOC because we need hit in SWP?
@Ryusei ZD prio
?
me
?
no me
what was mayhem even going off about here
!zd
!zhardoom
!lootprio
well this is a noble stance for warlock discord
but aint no other classes takin stances like this
o gfoty
this is trash
dogshit
remove it
theres just some places where loot prios do just make sense
like mage T5
Warlock vestments
its important to understand the nuance of loot even if you care mainly about keeping players happy not about raid dps
lelw
is there command for t6 bis
!t6bis
!bis
what are the relevant off pieces for mage?
lmao
Im just wondering what you mean
when you say off piece to mage
quags > DMF?
Looking at your bis?
that is confusing ass statement
if you can prestack it
DMF is still good?
https://tenor.com/view/yammer-time-mc-hammer-u-cant-touch-this-music-video-gif-13606387
you get more procs w haste gems
sure but youd have to sim to see what was worse
any shadow res tank sets for illidan yet?
if you think getting 2 haste rings , illidari cloak and ZD is realistic :p
sure mate
and all your tier etc
yea sure
idk realistic bis is kinda dumb
so answer is no
not yes
KilLpgic you are so useful
brb imma make a sim with every pieces of gear so I can show how dumb gear is<3
if someone gets phase bis its either extreme luck or CLC
its not something you just proclaim
"this is my turn "
whats the deal w healers and haste is it really good for all of them or just shamans
why do ppl say "wouldnt take over a shammy"
7 dps poggers
probably haste belt for seed set kills dungeon faster
speed is good for prog too
Im meming a bit but
yea
ofc
spriests should be dam grateful forr what they get tho
lol
yea I think the idea that only top 10 speedrun guilds care about performance is demonstrably false
but ppl just saying dont completley fuck over spriest
what if a shadow priest dies to mechanics
eh disagree gear DOES make clearing content easier. Some guilds actualy need gear more than top guilds do
well you know the obvious here
a bunch of single items adds up
I mean they do
if their loot system allows them to choose
they get to choose
its p relevant in hyjal no matter what
if you wipe and have to reclear trash
and you cant even do that cleanly
improving seed dps is far better use of an item
than stroking spriest cock
well ye iif the content is ridiculously easy then gearing to clear content doesnt make sense
but yall talking about green parsing guilds
it wont be so easy for them
and if it is
sure
disregard
it really can be
well sure they might have a bigger prroblem
like 10 slackers in the raid
but gear can help them
nah
gear can completely trivialise mechanics
to the point that it doesnt matter if you can do them
in this day and age
well its interesting that there is 4 shadow priests constantly in this discord arguing incessantly about how and  why they should get looted
and its interesting that the argument is now just "give me loot so im happy"
loool
"gear doesnt matter"
"loot prios are only for top 10 guilds"
Because say it turned out that the haste gear WAS more dps for a sprriest
they wouldnt be tooting that horn
theyd say
"me prio"
not necessarily
there are situations where an item is bigger upgrade to someone with less gear for sure
I dont shill for giving all loot to warlocks
relax
I just think yall being silly saying loot only matters for top 10 guilds
and you know thats true
its clown stuff
thats actually just false clown statement
not always best gear goes to number 1 player
thats not always best dps gain
just because "gear scale with other gear"
haste doesnt get better with other haste
hit doesnt get better with more hit
kekw
i have no idea what your talking about
like actually NO clue bro
statistical rounding errors?
noone says this
clown
lol
no.
what you guys are saying is :
raid dps should NOT be a factor when considering loot distro
I am saying it CAN be a factor
not the ONLY ffactor.
and honestly hannu is trolling lol
k well we werent even talking about ZD
thanks
in 2 breaths  ppl say "give spriest haste belt first best for them" then say "dps doesnt matter equal prio anyone who its bis for " ffor other items
the reality is you spriests are shilling for both prio on loot and not having prios on loot
at same time
lol
haste belt is arguably bis for me
for seeding
its same shit yo
you want prio on something but then say prios are bad and only for top 10 guilds
realistically we cant also get ZD prio if we are getting skull and Tier
but saying loot prios dont matter
and shouldnt exist at all
and then saying give me haste belt for prio
LOL
ofc there is
and thats what IM SAYING
but then gfoty just makes clown statements pretending im Hannu or something
yea because ppl on discords assume you have the most nefarious intent
yea and ppl have alwys assumed I mean something I dont
because ppl on discords are clowns
and if you dont go with circle jerk mentality
you get circle jerked on
in mage disc ppl did same thing as gfoty, pretended I argued for all fire locks everywhere and then argue with that clown statement they made up in their heads
and then I get reputation ffor arguing with mages kekw
what do priests use for wand
well we all began with a pretty reasonable take on loot. Then mages came in saying "if you get skull we get weapon prio" - "for fairness". Then the spriests want "something" too.
yea our spriests took mindstorm , vash ring, and sola wand using loot list system
first one probably true second one was in response to them getting 7 dps gain from an item they are asking for prio on
yes
and then see we said same thing ffor skull prio
and THEN mages came and said "well if you get skull we get weapon prrio because fair"
and then sprriests got on board too
aarguing their case
hard loot prios matter when its a significant diff of dps gain on the item
but you dont get prrio on something as X class just because Y class is getting something
yes but that isnt a class based prio thats a person thing
you gotta make those decisions in your own guild
lets see here : Spreists how do you feel about belt prio because you get nothing else prio?
lets ask the class
spriests wont be happy w just belt prio
yep
too much
thats my point exactly -  spriests saying they dont like loot prios but thats actually what they want - loot prios
yo why is 2h Arms not on this sheet
I meanI help lead the guild I am in
I could take whatever loot
I am not going to tho
as I havent for all of classic
theres just no comparison for 2h arms
yes
yea it doesnt make sense that spriests get prio on an item that is bis for everyone that doesnt give them more dps than anyone else
this is exactly the discussion we just had about loot prios
shameless man
I guess they are using kebab set with glaives
so they get some what similar numbers
because obviously every item with glaives
is bigger for person with glaives
that makes this sheet kinda clowny though
because things play out different for 2h arms
the amount of hit you go for
etc
well not if you have glaives
2h arms is better though right now
exactly
thats why this sheet is monka

anyways its only 4 dps difff
cursed vision
2h arms is better on a sim assuming you have 300 ms or less slam latency
now
if you go to 4 chickens
dw arms starts to do better
at 4 chickens
or more
DW arms has advantage in fights with lots of movement
but 2h Arms fucks on cleave
2h Arms is generally better but for chicken parsing kebab is good
and later in the game with haste gear 2h arms may fall out
this is all ignoring glaives ofc
however I believe that in SWP with haste gear youll just play fury
unless phys stacking
arms is kinda like affli at a certain point its just not worth
no them wanting prio on certain pieces automatically
im not saying that if they dont get ZD PRIO they dont get ZD ever
im saying that you dont get automatic prio based on your class
you still get loot based on your person
ppl fear that if they dont have a "hard prio" they wont get any loot
but they havent had one this entire time and they have loot right
yea we wont even get tier first
prot pala will
we just tryna not get fucked on tier completely
when we sitting here in P1 gear
ofc its the right way for it to go but double drops are no guarantee
we still cucked on defender pieces this tier
its just RNG
is there any slick sheet like there was for T5
with all items prioed
still working on probably
Skull of guldan is tru lock class trink
I just looked at that sheet
Its Not gonna happen
Lol
didnt odal quit
so zdoom only gives 25 dps over second bis?
yikes
why cant yall just let your warlock boys have time to shine
why you gotta be a special lil snowflake
hmm mayb DN for hyjal?
yea well why dont you do whatever special thing you wanna do in your guild where locks dont do dmg according to you
lets see your dogshit locks @Blow
ppl cuck locks all day and then say their dps is bad
happened alot in P1 at this point most guilds are smarter
logs lets see em
warlock parses depend more on double lust at this point
and solid support
mage spriest usually have solid support
im talking about cucking locks
like ppl were multi lusting hunters in P1
and cucking locks
because they thought hunters were just better
im not talking about loot prio
im talking about performance in raid
yea idk man your just not reading
but trying to argue
classic class discord person move
no I wanna see your locks performance in raid
you complain about them all the time
your locks look fine man

sure you get 99 when they dont but you are a spriest in an ele shaman group, you have MORE support than most ppl do
warlock parsing is harder than others because most competitive raids run 5+ locks
hes still got a better simp group than the average spriest in a raid
meanwhile his warlocks compete with speedrunning lock stacks
speedrunning fire lock stacks even
i mean thats minor point
the major point is its just harder to parse on lock than spriest
from what I see you have given your locks double lust mayb 2 times
and they pumped both times
and the rest of time you dont give them
id check out too
you are an idiot.
Heals you @tted me in early P1 calling me out for being cringe as FUCK
now your being cringe as FUCK
CHECK MATE

so your locks literally did better than everyone who didnt get 2x lust
that affliction is a pepega
but
you never talk about your one affli
you talk about all your locks being ass
yo do your elese rrage on hydross
my ele is so salty about hydross
he uses fire ele
and then melees the boss
wait spreist doesnt ?
want T6?
?
we do XD
muh parse bro
gotta stay above gremmer next phase
emphasis on STAY
we didnt have boomy - everyone cried for boomy - ppl volunteered to boomy and actually enjoy it
now cant kick boomy
because they were nice enough to put in the work
for raid
i told em boomy not worth
but hey
6 crit is dope
what so if you got given the legendary item in naxx that everyone wanted
you get ZD prio
lol your a clown
what our warlock literally cried for Atiesh and already isnt using it anymore
you dont get prio on ANY loot for getting given a legendary and using it appropriately
lmao
its so silly
"you got given legendary weapon prio so now you get ZD prio"
kekw
your 0 head
what I have same OH as my atiesh guy
actually he doesnt even have badge OH
loot is shit
fathom stone is only OH
these are such small arguemnts
while you sit here whining
about everything I say
thats literally what your doing
lol
I think in general again you dont just auto give atiesh ppl ZD
my exp with atiesh is it was very contested item that everyone wanted
and so no, having that item
doesnt get you prio
on another item
if your like xelrrog where as he says guild forced it down his throat
sure it can be diffferent
wait did you want it or not
you paid for half of it
but you didnt want it
doesnt add up
imagine if we said at the time you got atiesh that you would also get zdoom for getting it
just imagine
all warlocks would be fighting hand over fist for it
wow thats wild man
didnt even notice krymer came past
block working effectively
i have a warlock atm that spent tons of gold to get boosted to glad to get pvp weapon
so that he could "replace" atiesh
??? Im just telling story lmao
can you stop being so god dam cringe
lol
KEK
there was a time long ago that you would probably have called me a retard for saying exactly this
o as the time passes lmao
remember when Chaotic spent hours and hours arguing with me about skull and how he was a human that deserved loot and skull was good for trash and simmed p good for him blah blah blah
zdoom T6 skull â¤ï¸
!bis
what happen
I like him in the end
did he go crazy orr something in mage post
ppl seem like upset with him these days
whenever he comes up
hahaha
no no mage posting is the home away from home for mages in preist disc
lol
all the mages I remember being really mad about fire on mage disc
seem to not play at all
why is anlme banned
like
pretty normal word
38 min speedrun of SSC where they used fire on every boss except one man
progress is the champ
they said it woulnt happen
I even believed them
https://tenor.com/view/fire-nation-fire-avatar-the-last-airbender-gif-14967018
@Foolipe You got any of those weird fake anlme about me and fire locks kicking around
I wanna read them in dec 2021
see how they have aged
NOTA wiped on vash
but I dont think they were on pace for 38 min run when they wiped vash
idk about hydross
ye
y
my only regret is getting banned from fight club before I could see those warriors reaction to fire lock number 1
they were very anti fire lock there too
wArloCkS aRe thIrD tOP DpS saDgE
WIN
gg mages wp
i mean its technically smallest upgrade for atiesh user
if I was atiesh and had opportunity to yoink skull first instead
i think id fuck w that
over ZD
yea no.
again getting a legendary weapon that everyone wanted doesnt automatically get you both skull and Zdoom
an expac later
think you still just put ZD high on list man
or youll get fucked
skull then ZD would be mine
meh if you get first Skull thats p good
yup
it shouldnt automatically put you dead last on Zdoom because atiesh
but its not terrible to hold atiesh and take skull
anyone know roughly how hard and fast our bolts are flying with skull lust popped
like
we doing 12k every 2 s
or what
does anyone know if some tier is more contested than others ?
Like some pieces are more wanted
hahaha
6 @Stabile
zdoom too
eh its in context of this guys loot list
but the way ppl are saying these things
it def reads really cringe LOL
ppl are saying "take X item" but they really mean put that item on list
if only
i tanked capernian leo and illidan I should get skull for that right
main tanking more bosses this phase than the prot pala
and he gets tier?!
jk jk
its a joke logic
tke a deep breath
sheesh do you actually want red gems as prot pala
or just use like stam blues
bruh
who gets red gem prrio
dont we like orange gems more kinda
he plays warden sham and prot warrior
yea no I dont really
unless they like really good
i heard prot warr seemed good for prog
on BT
reflecting reliquary "deaden" ability?
IDK I know a guild that did on PTR they said prrot warr was nice for it
you sure?
ppl hav been saying for months BT will be laughably easy and the bosses fall over
actually since before TBC release even
based on their historical records of the boss HPs
he gave an example killogic

gg
you been calling everything psychotic lately hey
no different than any other phase
orr any other class disc
lulw
theres a group of ppl that makes it the primary topic of convo over and over
its p yawn
but hey seeing the mage disc come around is nice
heh
SOM: You think you do but do you really?
i dunno I think id put Tier higher and hast cloak lower
arer you going for legs because you dont have vestements?
not a great trinket to seed with
spell power
I think ppl havent really tested it yet but even if you can pre proc it its not looking better than quags

so your thinking that seed might work witht his
thatd be nuts
it says its consumed when you deal  a criticial strike
not when your direct dmg spells hit
so yea doubt it works
would be busted
infinite crit on seed
other wise
meh almost certainly doesnt work else its a glaring infinite crit bug
and the wording on the card seems to indicate that it wont work
probably because they knew of it at the time
well see tho
yea you always test
but unlikely id say
stop personal attack me
Krymer you everr see the curse of doom cheese I think its like cata
with infinite imps and crit snap shot
they like snapshotted a doom with 100% crit and each time doom crit it would make wild imp and so it would spawn like tons of imps
or something
it got snapshotting removed iirc

this
it gives you an extra mindflay tick
LOL
in your normal rotation
yes spriests want 5 piece of haste gear to get an extra mind flay tick
no they arent joking
and they cry every day here about it
loot in tbc just be like that
lots of really large loot tables
RNG is a bitch
ppl just LC personal loot anyways
FF14 totem system sounds nice
tho it does kinda distract from the mysticism
when someone is really fuckin kitted its kinda legendary
think totems for tier tokens would be nice middle ground
as in you do raid for month or 2 , you get all your tier kinda guaranteed
any ark onliners LOL
lost ark or w.e
lots of moving but bruh top down is kinda cringe
im not
anyone can enjoy whatever game that game actually looks cool
i actually hate when ppl hate on random game they dont play because they dont play it
like its just some shit someone does for fun who cares
thats different
how about me
I feel like I have the true grit of a warlock discord mod
Shaggy isnt brand friendly either
cmon
jpaint doesnt even face cam
Dive is a Coom lord
at least I should get an interview
we can discuss salary and stuff later
yo if she had a lil chest hair
same
i don actually wanna be a mod wtf jpaint why are you DMing me about it
Canâ€™t believe Marco got kicked from progrrss for recommending arc frost
lol
yay he read it
bruh fuck giant spiders and shit just because you aussies cope w that
doesnt make us pussys
!mageishard
your hand writing is impeccable
truly a warlock of class
i ordered korean BBQ wings , short ribs and peanut butter beignets
yea im working late but im poggin
its just a flavor at this place idk bbq w a bit of soy and spice
its just a nice flavor
yea mayb some gochu
is TOC a secrret 5 head move
because of hit in SWP gear
i heard that you need hit rating in Sunwell gear because its all haste
and that it will be good to have TOC insterad of Zdoom at that point
well the secret is you play it like a graceful warlock passing zdoom because your nice
when its secretly to your advantage
ye
idk what that is
ah
yea hmm
I like the asthetic on TOC
nah
this aint about spreists
this is letting other locks take ZD
kekw
god dam SPOAR
that is thic
its even gold parse
I need to see your hands on the speedrun
xelrog doesnt need to see your hands
they get item off trash
its upgrade
yea even if t5 was on par with hunters wed still be giving it to mages
we give T5 to mages because its a much bigger dps gain for them
same as T6
for warlock
ping?
literally iff you even have 50 ms of reaction time/ping thats gonna add up
my food here
fuck thats alot of effort
its a not a collar for the neck


blue cheese
not my favorite but hey
its b good w these wings
i eat like this alot
im not fat
i didnt choose it but these wings dont really needanother sauce anyway
lets just say I saw a spriest disc mod streaming and
probably spriest
yall need to stop talking about the educational game so we get live reactions on twitch
when they gotta do it for the first time
and wipe their raid
warrior with CDs up probably gains most from lust overall
thing is his CDs are 3 minutes
so cant double CD most fights
also hes in a group w like hunters and shit
you just use auto hotkey outside of game
to map your mouse button to a  clicck or whatever
the oldest hack of all
actually not true oldest hack was probably like King Tutenkahman hacking his way into cleopatras secret chamber or some shit
i cant believe that within 30 minutes yall AHKed to min max in fucking teron simulator
Spoar had that time within like 30 min of me posting the game
any summary of the shit storm
is my raid gonna be shit tonight
or good
:healspls:
you made a pepe about your warlock STOP COPYING MAGES
ONLY MAGES CAN MAKE PEPES
this one actually was stolen from mage disc
why we talking about dead class
hunters?
yea im still chasing a schawarma high from grade school
they just don make em like that no more
idk man when I lived in france there was a bakery on literally every single street corner
like starbucks here is bakery and hair salon in france
every corrner has one
lol jinx
and them bakeries werent exacctly the cleanest place
but they owned
the boulangeries
jpaint is swapping bowiz now
sheeeesh
idk Id just trial and error til it works
if 
/equip bowiz
/equip fang

doesnt work
I dont think theres a magical way
you could use modifiers
but thats lame
i thought swapping MH is a GCD
ah
healspls greatstaff of the devourer
what are we doing
that should work I think but I thought goal was no omd
mod*
xelrog's collar
my arms warr is like that
its stupid

61  in world
misssing many 99s
I never got to use CDs in execute because lust always on pull sadge
noone wanna simp for me
actually last raid I got heavily simped but I wasnt expecting to get second lust in exe
so I alrdy used my cds
sadge
only 6000 or so arms warriors on WCL
theres over 13K rogues?
I guess arms is a spec that ppl refuse to play in shitter guilds
and force fury
mayb affli too
yea I would say that arms has its own class fantasy
but that class fantasy includes being cucked and not getting glaives
so
fair enough
lol
its a warrior w a big ass c*ck
i mean 2her
I think arms is supposed to be like a "man of arms" like a jack of all trrardes that swaps 2h/shield etc
but
idk it didnt play out that way
the arms talent tree is all about weapons
weapon specialization
mortal
uh
top guilds dont have a prot
it would just be an arms warrior
so
yes?
I think by sunwell youll see arms phased out kinda like ppl stopped running Affli
now if you run a huge phys stack
ofc its still there
but ppl will prob just play fury in the "standard" comp
thank you I love you guys
you validate my 2h slammer dream
and say all the things
kebab suck
arms chadder than fury
â¤ï¸
kebab scales w haste so much more than 2h tho
im worried that ill be forced kebab and never get to use apolyon
â¤ï¸
on the real tho kebab is p close to 2h arms
and if you 5 chicken
kebab wins
sadly
blizz made all 2h swords way too fast I think to prevent one shots in pvp
late game apolyon is like a fucking 3.4 or some dogshit
but it makes 2h slam so shit compared to DW at end game
sad
4.0 would be best but only like one blue has that in vanilla
3.8 -4.0 is what we pog at
pendulum of doom
slam is basically turning your swing into a 0.5s timer
so the slower the more vaue you get from slam rotation
slam is kinda like dual wieldin a 2her if you think about it, it seemed lke thats how blizz wants to balance DW vs 2her
but the problem is the speeds are shit whereas fury gets nice slow 1hers
and ofc doesnt scale w haste
yea glaive oh is the one exception but
busted ass weapons
are pala gonna end up tanking illidan too
is it another trap
because melee cant stand in forr sure right
o
but the melee stack thinks they kill before demon phase
I remember now
yea but iirc you cant fucking fight him while hes demon as melee
you have to get out
^
that
seems that no you cant
he sends like adds to run at you
and if they get to you they boom or something
so if your in melee
yea mayb but your taking some sorta srs dps hit
or press reck and kill before mechanics happen
well see
china gonna number 1 with 12 glaive warrs
lol
yea idk well just have to see
I think NOTA haad a good enough showing this phase that if they think they can they probably will
DONT WORRY BOYS IM BACK
crank that shit to 11
we sttarted doing split gruuls and it feels sweaty and try hard
everyone hates it
but doing your job to make raid not 6 hrs
is just playing gam
we have so many leo sworrds that holy palas have them
some bosses seemed to cast more abilities to me
but they were also bitch made
dont think so
thankfully we did vash before lurker
so we got the important bosses
before server shutdown
its all p boring now man
sadly
ya hardest boss we fought was HKM in 12 man split
wait cenarion salves gone?
what
ah
yea the trash is so funny
it feels p bad
I know I said I somewhat support blizzard doing this change for the dads
but like man
its a hell of a way to burn out ppl that actually enjoyed the game
nice
we got a ring
and we havent seen many
its pretty comical
vashj adds were like dead in 3 bolts
the lurker trash - everything except the big 3 was dead in literally 2 seeds
like you could feasibly seed on pull rip technicians
and they would die
before they got to you
is there a good vod of that route
does that require engi
yes fish are in water
ppl cried for trash nerfs
they literally cried that the initially proposed nerfs wouldnt help them
because they still would spend 4 hrs on trash
I dunno I wouldnt over speculate that these changes dont actually help dads - they definitely do
mayb there was a middle ground that woulda been better than what they chose to do
i heard you
the first time
we did raid w 23 ppl no problem last night
lol
mayb you CAN take a lil break
haha
ye
it just ruins your sense of progression, you feel good improving every week in raid
ground out 40 vashj attempts and shit and now you fucking smoke her
only for the rug to get pulled out from under you
in the name of dads
it feels bad man to ruin your prog
but
I would say that if the only reason you play is to improve your parses on lumberjack site you probably playing the wrong game
main reason I log in is having fun w the boys
second reason is the improvemet / prog
then its like loot / parse
idk to me wow is social game
if you dont get anything from social aspect
and just play for parse/loot
your gonna have a bad time
sure I mean thats fine
just dont base your enjoyment of the game on your ability to produce a pink number
on lumber jack site
yea I also raid in same guild and friend group since day 1 classic
idk thats the real game to me
anyone can go join a guild of pale vampires that drop hard Rs and smoke through the content
the real fun tho is playing out the game with your friend group
sure
i mean the parse aspect adds some spice for farm raiding
but I dont think id be around playing for parses if I didnt have my group
sure just my opinion on the game is as I stated
I have no interest in going super hardcore in this game of easy ass content
if you do
go nuts
^
you can swipe and still enjoy playing with your guild
o
lol
I feel like you lose something when you cut your friend group for a better guild even if its for the best
but its all subjective
to me its dead boring content
if you arent having fun w the boys
just by being together
then its not really fun
2 button simulator
yep
thats why I made it myself
well with some others not just me
I think sims underrate haste
because if you actually have movement you will often get 1 more spell out
before your movement interval
this could lead to more casts overall than represented by sim
because every time you arent casting
you are missing more casts
so if you do unnecessary movement, arent tapping or filling w movement
you are losing more
than before
also obvs you get alot of free taps in fights
and haste makes you tap more on sim
but in reality you might get free taps and just shit loads more casts
that would still be better tho
your gonna mayb get a bolt off
while dacin
ok
thought you were arguing th opposite
yea its kinda like fire v shadow
maybe its only 150 dps on a sim or w.e
but alot of time it feels SO much better
on trash
when you squeeze in one more incin
on a mob
or w.e
yea its reallly really easy man
tru
it was also manson's doomsday fantasy
Manson believed the tensions between blacks and whites in the counter-cultural boiling pot of the 1960s would erupt into a cataclysmic race war that would end in the slaughter of nearly all white people. ... He called this doomsday scenario â€œHelter Skelter.â€
no no charles manson made up these delusions from the White Album
Beatles didnt write a song about him
common misconception
for high rolling SP > crit
haste always good ofc
in theory the highest roll is just stacking SP/haste and getting amazing crit RNG
so you can slide down the crit gradient for more SP and high roll as you wish
that said its kinda grief, dropping your crit to intentionally try to high roll is griefing ISB for your other locks
i dunno whats on sims theres a mean and max value right
what would be nice is if sims had a probability distribution @Kristofer
so you could guage how unlikely your "high roll" is
itd be cool to see two bell curves from two diff sims
stacked on each other
and compare\
Becayse thenyou can assess the probabilty that your high rolll build out performs your avg roll build
N
Jerone always been here
On faerlina
Faerlina wasnt a streamer server since like BWL
After initial hype streamers stopped and the wow streamers just became tetsu dali etc ppl in non faerlina guilds
But for a long time we still has the cringe orbiters that came to either simp or grief streamers
I duno
They just kept playing  w their streamer occasionally making appearamce
Crusade did p well without esfand
Yea idk just like as youd expect
Idk I dont do guild drama
ye i dunno w.e
could care less
it never really felt very streamer server to me
but everyone just tossed hate so they feel better about whatever server they are on
look at em now
flocking to Faerlina
seemed that worse groups of griefers formed on servers where streamers still kicked around
like to grief Dali or SB or whatever
yea idk whole streamer server thing was overblown from the start
just a vessel for people to toss hate/their air of superiority around
"im better than you because I am not a cringe streamer orbiter playing on faerlina"
most ppl on faerlina didnt even interact with streamer besides payo occasionally ganking them outside of org
soda was horde so I never got gankd
but he was fun to play with
one time we climbed up org together to get a griefer
yea i believe you
just never saw him do it
cause not ally
at the start tho we did get DDOSed and it seemed to be caused by asmon
someone DDOSing server to get reaction from asmon esfand etc
that was about the only thing that affected me on Faerlina that was streamer related
wait who
o advertise?

this is advertise?
LOL
didnt he make like weird joker voice videos
I remember streamsnipe lol
cheating the rank system hacking novabufs
irl or in game
lol
i was meming and didnt change it back
yea I guess some ppl did get deep in this streamer drama shit
lol
streamer drama shit yup
meh
ya
mayb nothing
can you compare them
over multilpe runs
jpaint
you on faerlina
when can we go for a long walk on the bbeach
Can I pen you in for a date 20 min before your raid starts
yea mayb we can just you know shop for consumes together
I can buy sappers you can tell me why I shouldnt
BUT ON THE PRIVATE SERVER
HYJAL WAS HARD WE ONLY DID FIRST HALF AND IT TOOK US 6 MONTHS OF PROG
I dont think we should farm SR because well probably only be doing first few bosses of BT and Hyjal to start
because ON THE PRIVATE SERVER
it was hard
true story
my guild does this every time w resist sets
anyways I think its gonna be so easy we can just do scuffed void sphere setup
need?
definitely not
what about for Illidan?
ok
first explain your position on mother.
but dont we need a set to tank illidan
no
jeremiah paintus
rolling me
no i mean
why you think we only need
no gear
COME ON PAINT
STOP TROLLING
Imma be DMING you mid raid soon
you dont want this smoke
engi boots?
you rocket boots away?
okay
and
illidan?
i have secon vestments with void spheres
should I have given to the ele sham
Im just kidding LOL
just wanted to make yall mad
Looks like jpaint losing to other locks circa september 2019
same shit as always
been happening since MC
IDK what Im actually supposed to notice tho
fast af kill
shadow locks
sadge
o
you cheated
shameless
face cam
when
did the other warlock?
enchant
how did the bug work
just for curious im not gonna try it
llol
actually tho I don wnna get blacklisted
imagine cheating and you dont even get a 100
hell you dont even win in your OWN raid
ok
sure bro
rip
aff lock generally speaking
but obviously depends on raid comp
well the boomkin raid dps depends on how much phys you have
and how well that phys dps can actually use the hit
boomy isnt just crit its physical hit %
in your example though, an aff lock would likely be better
or even just another destro
yea that would be better
almost surely the restokin
your basically trading healing
for dmg
there
his other 2 groups are phys
presumably
yea dreamstate might not be worth and just drop IFF completely
but almost surely the lock beats the boomy
it feels bad to lose your 5 crit tho
or 6 crit
like it will feel shit for you as lock
the raid will probably gain some dps
think like 6% crit is what roughly 6% dmg for the 5 ppl in your group
or
you get 2.7% dmg for all casters
AND you get a warlock over a boomy
the warlock himself does more dps
i mean you play shadow lock lol
yea
@jcuck
!jcuck
dam
my resto druid was a big ol bitch about his innervate
yesterday he was like hey I guess I can innervate you now that content is joke
SMH
thats basically what I said
"this is the only guild I know where a resto druid calls it "his innervate" and refuses to use on mage"
yea hes just spamming himself oom trying to snipe for parses
yea literally our raid yesterday
them meming they will sell innervate and PI now
I was like k well just start sellin curses and soulstones
yall cringe AF
yea ppl should just play as teammates instead of constant selfish
which 90% of our raid does
imagine no impervate on sim
wtf is wrong w the world
haha
you warlocks are so easily pleased â¤ï¸
we buried hatchet?
where
im digging back up
!skull
!shaggy
WHERE ARE THE MODS TO TAKE THE MAGES AWAY
WHERE ARE THEY
genius
thats an arcane anus move for sure
is there a mage disc leak I can kek at
they cant make raid dps argument if they never scorch tbh
probably still 4-5% dps gain per lock
we dont have to do any prof shenanigans next phase right
just hold engi ench til sunwell
mayb more % dps
but more raw dps?
doubtful
hmm
in response to this ele isnt worth thing
can we come up with a comp
that shows mage isnt worth
LOL
imagine the mages accidentally optimize themselves out of raid comp
kekw
ok well arcfrost not being worth would be good enoguh
hehe
90 dps on what total dps
90 on 2950
roughly 3% dmg diff
however
you have to adjust ISB uptime
for the changing crit
your losing 3 crit when you drop ele
your losing ISB
you need to account for that
bitch I aint typing apostrophes in discord
ah I see you just care about winning this pointless argument
thats why your comparing T5 and T6
I get it now
cool
yea your comparing the gain of 1 warlock vs 1 ele to the gain of the group from the ele
but realistically noone is kicking their Ele
so meh
well try hard will ofc
what weapon did you assume tho
your T5 setup is scuffed
because no pvp weapon
and poor gemming leading to a higher gain in T5
ðŸ™‚
also you dont even consider ttrash dps
you went a TOC setupi
you lost so much trash dps dropping haste
only based on your assumptions
which are assuming non bis gear in T5
in order to favor yourself
Im happy for you foty you doing the lords work
Nope I dont
total shitter
nope becuase we have some ppl who have S2 weap
yep
cant guage the value of ele without doing full raid wide assessment
unforch
how many ppl have full bis T6
kek
or even full bis T5
a true assessment includes a probability analysis of what gear each person will actually obtain
no im just giving you shit because you spend more time trying to win arguments than you do ttrying to actually do something meaningful loool
yep and no ISB uptime analysis
and with losing crit you should lose MORE ISB when highly hasted
than when not
I think
actually that probably depends on your crit
yea you are try hard int wiper guild tho right
https://tenor.com/view/mr-bean-crown-gif-22054414
you know how many times I come back to this disc after work and I got a tag from foty 3 hours old telling me how my opinion is invalid becuase my guild didnt kill vashj Week 1
you reap what you sow
lol
im a 29 year old software engineer sadge
yea

he doesnt always tag
ðŸ™‚
remember
im the ðŸ‘‘
poggers
you = my prom date?
RIP

hahaha
its for the comedy
look I just use the reply function more ok

foty just talks shit but doesnt reply
im basically self meming too
lol
this is cope
if you cant tell
prom king LOL
only one of us got 99 on vash in the end
unlucky
hehe
!fried
im running 4 ele 1 lock group
noone is gonna fucking come to that
unless you face cam
k ill come on server mute on one condition
skull =  me
you guys need a 99 parse lock to test skull really
cant put it in someone elses hands on PTR
that was a lie
allar doesnt count
stupid phoenix cheese
ours just snap shots it
doesnt actually wear it
he puts a totem down before pull
and takes his gear off
as I understand
ye
O
did foty not have snapshot
@Aloysius comeback
did you snapshot in T6
no the worst tier
is easily
warrior shaman hunter
not ours
in terms of contested
yea sure
still you got alot more shaman hunter in avg raid than lock pala
in try hard raid that reverses tho
priests?
I think that a warr that doesnt get CVoS would want  Tier
?
really?


i think they are cooked
never heard of warrior dps using that helm
they are somewhat similar yes
but the set bonus
its CVOS > T6 helm > Off piece helm > PVP as I understand
for DPS warr
for tank warr that pvp gear is nuts
i mean you can dispute whether its worth or needed to gaer healer but you cant really dispute that haste is bis
idk how yall baited into this every day
you cant blame ppl for wanting all the good loots
it happens
every single class disc has posts like this
idk hannu is still like half trolling
he knows hes baiting reactions and noone agrees w him
hes done this for years
have you seen the hannu one lol
I havent even seen one abbout them banning me
but the old one was some cringer from NOTA taking a ton of my posts out of context and making a collage to make fun of me
i appluad the efffort
no the hannu one is just a cat huffing catnip and it says hannu onitt
i dont think thatsz true
idk
what the collage?
lol meh those quotes make sense in context
??
literally its like me saying warriors are bad in TBC and then you realise in context im talking about it being a bitch to get groups for 5 mans if you dont tank
yea I mean everyone at that time didnt think fury would be in speedrun lol
I can go make any of you look like a retard with a collage of old takes
lol
yea I mean 4 months before TBC beta everyone thought fury shit 
TBC beta hey furies kinda deccent looks like the fucked up glancing dmg on private server and hunters arent so great
TBC release hey we can put a fury in the hunter group because they do more dmg than hunter
lol
MGI?
yea I mean you can do this all day try to troll me about takes where the tiime they were made matters
alot of ppl thought they were shit not just reddit pfft
including the retards on that discord
remember stabiile defending hunters being super good
rememebr jpaint shilling imp shit
no
it was not.
it was that fury didnt justify its spot over hunter until later on
that was what most ppl thought
that they didnt fit in the comp
because ppl thought hunters were good
because private srever hunter was busted
they thought the content was overtuned but some of the classes were also overpowered. Yes ppl 100% based their assessment of classes on private server.
lol
and 90% of that assessment was accurate
just hunters were OP and warriors were over nerf on private
i said fury were always good in speedruns but I should have said "we have known for 5 months fury would be good in speedruns"
my bad boys
crucify me
nah
you dont need all that
for sure, I still think ultimately lock comp was better for this
but they can compete and thats what matters
if they can nuke illidan before demon the warr stack could be solid in BT
fusion's balanced comp out performed NOTA fury stack tho
nota was never on the 38 minute pace
NOTA was on a 42 minute pace iirc
when they wiped to vash
but yea IDK didnt watch fusions run entirely possible they could shave 2 minutes too
regardless all of those comps can be considered competitive
I could make a dam good stabile collage about hunters
yea and some of my fury discussion was about warrior having a shit time finding groups lmao - collage doesnt matter you take anything out of context regardless of the time frame or reason you said it
ðŸ™‚
good song
yea I mean ill admit I was wrong about fury 5 month before TBC like basically everyone
im really not
ty
i wish
when they banned me tho LOL
I found out glaive OH simmed worse than pvp OH for fury so if fury gets OH ffirst it literally just rots in their bags
this upset the warriors greatly
mod spammed a crying baby youtube video 20 times and banned me
man i still dont understand what that one was a bout
I think Beanna literally just wanted to turn ppl against me making that pasta
Because I aint ever heard shit about a global ban list and at the time I was only banned by mages
beranna is wrong about basically everything and then 180s when proven wrong by better players
o for sure
the takes on fire lock would be GOLD
jpaint is there a global ban list
for class discords
yea
lol
kebab w glaives will make arms parses lame as shit
makes me sad
hah
tbh probably not many kebabers actually get glaives
good guilds probably wont give them
so
you dont get more rage gen you get rage ticks more oftenbut they are smaller
yea mayb but I dont think alot of guilds Are THAT cringe stabile
i mean if apolyon was 3.8 we wouldnt all of a sudden be on par w glaives
but okay I can try to explain.

Slam turns your auto into a 0.5 s swing and then your on GCD. You want it to be like this :
Auto > Slam> your GCD comes back up during swing timer > Auto MS > Auto SLam

If you swing faster then slam cast time + your GCD, you will clip your rotation. 

WIth haste gear and 3.4 speed weapon, your rotation is gonna get scuffed
all the value of slam is using it right after an auto, if you have to wait 0.5 s to cast slam after an auto because your still on GCD it fucks it all up
not for phys
phys doesnt get GCD reduction from haste
ye
I think slam was intended to be parallel to dual wield , if you think about its kinda like swinging twice really fast
but theres some weird nuances about haste and the weap speeds that make it not quite match up
i play my arms right now
I heard its really scufffed in wrath
until end game
I probably play aff lock til ICC then fury
err demo lock
was what I actually had my eye on
even ahlaundoh says he is quitting warr for lock in wrath
dont they fuck hard
i thoguht fire mage comes on late game
fury and fire are the late game pumpers in ICC as I understand
but before that fury is supposed to be omega bad
ye
degenerate I heard same
and apparently aff lock is goated and a good trick target
in the first few raids
demo lock just seems cool tho
especially the fire imp demo build
i think DK is a trap honestly
fury gets shadowmourne
ret seems to perform better than DK before ICC and fury after ICC
but I guess iff your ttank
but yea I wanna do a meme with ravager shadowmourne LOL
titans grip
you spin w ravager
and you get hella shadowmourne procs
not sure how titans grip interacts w ravager tho
mhmmm
man I wish I could still go to fight club and collage all their harassment about fire lock
ha
new name new me
who is the best non warlock class to give vestments too
we have boomy ele sham spriest all eying the prize
with this discussion about boomys getting alot of hit
im wondering if its still bis for them
its BiS for all 3 of them isnt it
what im wondering is who its bis for NEXT phase
guys someone has to get vestments
yea sounds like ELe
i got DST on my arms warrior the week they patch
sad
ofc wotk will happen
one person posted a false website about it not happening
its just doctored HTML
super easy to do
lol
you dont get 10.4k?
your trash
I got almost 11k
I started getting less 10k crits when I regemmed to crit over SP
but still get them
we have atiesh all necks and shit tho
yea ive seen on every boss
i do still use the Badge OH
and it would drop my SP a bit if I didnt
currently orb yea
no im not telling you to
fathom is better
but yea you could lol
id use ffathom if I ha
had*
o we run afffli too
we have basically every buff and 10k crits are p rare for me now that I am gemmed crit, not using sextant much, etc
I used to have Ritssyns on as well
Sextant is probably abetter way to chase max parses than using badge OH
I think Sextant is actually better than quags
quags gets bettter w better gear
I think if you consider the benefit to ISB sextant will come out ahead
but I always liked double active ffor most of the fights
because you get procs at shit times
why
they both fit in lust window
and then you get second lust 2 minutes later
I imagine this sims very close
how many ppl sim double lust with 2 min gap
uhhh I mean its very small gap if you do get one
should make double active better than what most think
if you get two rounds of actives in lust windows
for me double active felt best in majority of fights at least
whats really wrong w it
sim lord what sims best with double lust
mhmm
yea I mean you get like a 0.1s gap

i dunno hannu you can go sim 0.1 s gaps and see how it affects things lol
I bet douoble active with  double lust sims best
ofc
the caveat being you get the lust in your active windows
wym
eh
idk if im parsing in this phase lol
my party was pretty upset about the ease of the content
ppl were like fuck it no more consumes
so idk if we will be getting good killtimes anymore
I already beat your ass in T5
it wouldnt change
ha
can PI ever be lock > mage?
Is therre a point where PI is better to the lock
IV is a non-bo with PI tho
PI is haste now man
not spellpower
you dont want IV and PI same time I imagine
yes
but its too much haste right
youll cap
your gonna overcap with PI + veins and haste from gear next phase if you have any
like ashtongue
IV wouldnt be thte argument
youd argue AP
with PI
what
how
AP is spellpower PI is haste tho
I feel like your !fried juju
is that actually true
sounds like PI for warlocks it is boys
((2.5 ) / 1.25* 1.20 -1)  * 1577 = (rating to cap in  IV + PI)
nvm
thats for shadow bolt
((1.5 ) / (1.25* 1.20) -1) * 1577 = rating to cap AB in IV + PI
and guess what
your capped
with no haste from gear
if you have ANY haste from gear at all
your over cap
its 25% and 20%
20% frrom veins
25 from PI
??
I mean feel free to check my math but im p sure this is correct
with Lust and IV you are already over capping
i read 25
mayb I googled wrong spell

okay 20%
I must have anded wrong page
ill do again
okay
with 2 20% buffs
you will cap at 65 haste rating
you arent gonna use ashtongue?
okay
so you MIGHT be able to use PI + veinss if you take like no haste from gear
but that still doesnt mean it is a dps gain for you to get it
over a warlock with 3000 SP shadow bolts
well your argument was youd stack it with your "actual" cds
if you want to change your argument
feel free
bro I do math sometimes
im talking about IV?
whaaaat
oof my statement about you changing your argument is referring to you talking about 100% IV uptime not being real
your initial argument was that you would stack it with IV so it would be better for you than warlock
yes we talked about ashtongue, no Im not changing your argument from IV to ashtongue
but if you want to say we shouldnt assume IV now, then yes you are deviating from your initial argument.
now we have estabilished that with < 65 haste from gear yuo can feasibly stack PI and Veins .
however, we have not estabilished that the PI is actually giving you more dps justbecause you stack it w veins..
stacking 2 haste effects doesnt make one haste effect more powerful
if you were stacking SP with haste id be inclined to agree
okay.
so now your argument of stacking Cds making mage better is invalid.
because your arguing to not stack cds
you did a full 180
!fried
lol juju cmon man
how much you smoke today
hehe

this is you atm
Yes you can but I dont think you lost. Id have to use mage sim to  prove pi is better forlock
Then youd have lost
Yea ideally your dooming at max SP bro
you argued it was better for mage because you can stack it with Icy Veins. which is in itself a fallacy as you get diminishing returns stacking haste buffs anyways
never mind the capping issue
yep
but it certainly doesnt mean better for mages
well mages do more dps on most fight this phase, so giving them haste = good
i imagine mage gets more out of this phase
but when we have T6
idk if that will still be true
im not
im not making that arugment at all
o xerlog does
ok
i dont think id go the mana route
PI probably saves you like one tap in terms of man
but its quite possible that PI just gives more dps to a warlock who has better coeffs and non capped GCDs
I been on the ST train the whole time
idk about seed
thats mona
not wow mage
shes astrologist
not a mage
stacks dont change ABs coeff right
AB is just a 2.5 sspell coeff
whereas SB is 100%
but you have 20% buff on AB
from T5
â¤ï¸
happy holidays!
thats the word on the street yea
mother will be harder
yea speculatiing on why ptr was way it was is pointless
just wait to see next rendition
yo what happens in TBC xmas event
any summary
no I mean for anything
any cool stuff
not just pve related
if I rinse you all on PTR
can I be at least  w Warlock trainer
you dont even know how to doom
i dont think your a competition
no
well I have 99 on every fight 98 on alar and shit leo parse because I tank it
itd be 99 if I had a leo parse
but I play for good threat not for personal pump
because I tank every week
yea my pala doesnt tank it
I could force him to if I cared about a meaningless parse
but Idk I been getting all 99s since first phase of classic I dont really gotta prove something to myself
Heezzy
whats that?
alar?
yea smh stupid boss
we dont seed the phoenixes when that was meta we dont kill them when that was meta
and then I just get dog rng
on platforms
when im doom
whats your wartlocks name spoar?
whatever you say mate
spoar
whts your chars name
stop hiding
dam you couldnt even 99 mag
iif
oof

I beat you on alot of these fights and your hard farmed in every other phase
NEXT
you beat me on alar thats it
I beat you on all other content when it was relevant
gratz spoar
lmo
lmao*
everyone simultaneously obsessed w their parse and also says they ar meaningless
story of classic
but yea I mean someone doing 50 more dps than you on a fight is pretty meaningless
nice RNG
nice lust
nice whatever
only because you wanna argue w me foty
if stabile said same thing
you would agree
lol
sure
I already commented on the irony there
as well
flexing parses is maeningless but it doesnt stop anyone from going to WCL and jerking off
everyone does it
dam boy
rank 1 pyreworrd allstar
can you change your name to rank 2 pyrewood allstar
i felt p griefed on overall dps this phase having to tank in both raids
and fear stupid mobs and not do dmg
yea tanking wasnt too bad but fearing all these mobs in KT hallway kills my overall
I mean you look at your server rankings lmao
I got top faerlina parse by accident with a buncha green parsers in the run
for kara
if you get 99 parses your probably pretty decent at warlock
thats not saying much tho
its dumb easy class
but honestly every class is pretty fucking easy
what is the "hardest" rotation
feral?
dps ret is objectively easier than arms id argue
dps ret has to hit buttons in a 300 ms window, arms has to hit as fast as humanly possible
every ms you shave off is dps gain
yea so id agree w feral
spriest isnt hard no shot
Mage is int scroll and food vendor
And scorch
Dont yall have your own disc
Where are the mods to take the mages away
Warlock is top in SSC and watrior top in TK
And this is mage peak
Yiiiikes
I had important business in mage cord eductating the brainwashed masses about fire spec. Now we know fire owns so not much reason to cross over.
I remember you spamming cringe things about me in mage cord
because you had no actual takes just a mage cord spammer
nope
silenced for saying the truth
yep
sounds true
wat
they ban me fight club
gg
hmm are astromancer legs bis
w haste gems
[astromancer]
yo
make this bot work
SMH
lol is that what they said
guys
are astromancer legs and foretelling boots bis
w haste gem
guys
no meta in Cowl right
I had that thought for a second
yes

probably more than those 4 fixes Id imagine
blizz isnt good at writing everything down
no mention of buff to mother though
which is what most ppl anticipated
well some of those bugs were pretty trivializing id imagine
I remember the guild I was talking to said auras didnt work on reliquary and it was super easy
depends
jpaint are boots of foretelling and astromancer legs bis w haste gem
yes/no answer only pls
The answer is probably yes at least fforr pants
but whos getting haste gems for their prebis
wrong
I think spellsrike is too much hit
but
kazzak legs
i hadnt thought about
mayb those are better !
thanks paint
propaganda
mages arent very smart
Krymer what iff I told you 4 months ago youd end up on lock discord volunteering to play fire for warlock PTR raid
spriests
loool
https://tenor.com/view/leespoons-mixalot-sir-mix-a-lot-baby-got-back-big-butts-gif-14660712
its new feature
raids harder
you have to try to raid w crashing
catabolt chad here
you have no evidence or reason to not play catabolt
Immolte for threat
cmon bro
just send it bro
threat gap?
get better tank
your first bolt wont crit 9k
not enough debuffs
on boss
but yep fuck em
if your playing non catabolt so that you "immo for threat gap"
im sorry
thats clowny af
nah its literally just better
on sim
when I simmmed without infinitie mana it was like 20+ dps in favor of catabolt
and with infinite mana immolate was like 2 dps better
and you NEVER actually have true infinite mana
yea so its not +/-10 its +20/-2
and you gotta guage the spectrum of free taps there
yea so with 100% infinite mana I gain 2 dps
w 0% infinite mana I lose 20 dps
why the fuck would I choose immolate
thats not the concept though
ppl arent picking catabolt for higher max parse chase meme
they are picking it for better average dps
the second part is valid but you could also say the same for free taps on half the fights
tell me how I dont understand what I simmed pls
I simmed both infinite mana and non infinite mana on various fight lengths in my gear, catabolt was just better.
as I already stated, for me it was 2 dps lower to use catabolt w infinite mana
and 20 dps better without infinite mana
so oky I gain 2 fucking dps
if I have ALL free taps
how many fights do I have that?
you arent reading
I just said it was 2 dps lower to use catabolt w infinite mana
read that sentence slowly zeph
how is cataclysm useless if I get 1 free tap
your being disingenuous
I could say exact same thing about you. Your not taking cata and gambling that you wouldnt have gotten an extra bolt. Chasing RNG
if something performs better on averag though
you cant make that argument
like cmon
okay? and on average that mana breakpoint works out and gives a dps gain
and you call it chasing RNG
no it chasing RNG to beleive that you wont hit the break point
how is it undervalued in infinite mana
if anything its overvalued.
lmao
alright
no
way I see it is theres almost no fight I have true infinite mana for. sure some free taps but not completely free taps
maybe now w the nerfed content sure
so its a spectrum from -2 dps to 20 dps gain depending on your degree of free taps
for me
on my sim result
trust in your authority
dunning kruger
lmfao
I presented my reasoning and the authoritys couldnt  even read it
Im willing to question it but im not convinced by someone just saying hey phases make immolate good
I think its actually quite rude to speak to us like we are just bbeing ignorant of your advice
Like I also simmed for my situation my gear my raid buffs
you could have diff results
same
sure. But thats not what we are arguing here. We are arguing that it is on average a dps gain.
I look at how much I have to tap for "not free" I see that even on a 1 minute fight immolate and infinite mana I gain a measly 2 dps.
yep and im clarifying that at this point ppl going catabolt really arent doing it for max parse meme
immolate into solarian split for example
using it when it wont tick much because boss gonna transition or die or something
you need to make a real case for that. Like its a dps gain on average on every fight length I tried.
yep
fight length is a random variable you cant control
well if you have JOW RNG involved, there reallly shouldnt be spikiness related to tthe fight length breakpoint
yea the big problem is that on infinite mana itts still only giving you 2 dps on average
theres like a few trash packs you can immo and not oom from seeding right after
i would agree that on those trash packs immo is good
but to me I dont think its good enough of the time
nah just dps gear
but conflag mechanics are annoying
shes janky af to tank
Hmm
Do shadow now
is that ring choice because you need hit
and have weird fire neck
can you make the bot work
[zhardoom]
tomorrow shadow bis
next day
make bot work
day after face cam
your schedule
whats full bis
so this is like MGI?
!mgi
basically something you say before the phase and then 180 on?
are you guys gonna make same fallacy argument about haste on sims
that fight club did
pls tell me no
ok
go
uhh
0.09 / 0.08 * bolt cast time /2?
yep here we go fight club
you will now say thjat you only get a single cast if you stand still for 248 seconds or more
but thats not true
you have a chance to get an extra cast out
depending on when the fight ends
and fight length is a random variable
2.314 seconds vs 2.2935
right?
so if a fight ends in 4.587 seconds
you get an extra cast
yep the fight len is a random variable and the chance that you land in a fight len that ggives you an extra cast is related to the % gain of haste your analyzing
its a fenceposting thing
yep
im not entirely retarded im just lazy sometimes
if haste gems sim better on average
ill be gemming haste
willl have to check fight lengths tho
one other thing to note is if a fight is divided into phases or times where you have to break for movement, you get more "dips" to get an extra cast
you could in theory have a fight where you get multiple extra casts that is less tthan 248 s
yes if you have to move multiple times its basically multiple fights of different legnths, and if those lengths all happen to fall into an extra cast bucket
you will get multiple extra casts
it may be low probability wise, but you wont see that in sims
ehhhh I think even if you tap during movement theres chance you yoink an extrra cast
your making some sort of assumption about life tap movement there
I cant quite put my finger on it
right your assuming that you get 100% free taps from this movement?
ye
your assuming you can completely rearrange the fight into taps when moving when you may not actually be able to
its just a real fight factor that makes haste better than it seems on sims
you can say the same about fire over shadow btw
and since there are actual real fight factors boosting haste, and the only problem with haste presented so far is a fallacy about fight lengths, I lean towards haste here.
if it sims better
its prorbably better.
IRL
in hastes case
like what would make haste worse
yes
I agree
what im saying is in my mind haste is underrepresented by simming PW
and if it already sims better
its probably even better
than sim says
sure
but there is no reason to not take haste when it sims better
so far
especially when you know your gonna cast som seeds too
yep
yea
sounds like a good move to me man
what would be the no haste gem
crit SP?
ye
whats the gap between SP/haste and yellow haste
in dps
opk
and so if you seed in that gear for half the instance
yellow haste win?
i do have a seed set
but you have jpaint saying seed set is not worth
yea
I could see you foregoing oblivion unless you KNOW your seeding on non aoe cap ALOT
and pure seeding
not casting a buncha bolts
true
but optimally it would likely include some of the gear your wearing in normal
who wants yellow gems?
@Scanlawn how you gonna gem
next phase
who else would want yellows
warriors gem yellows ATM
for crit
yes
i believe they are moving towards red again
uhh
it really depends what sims better man
for me right now, I could do plain reds if I was feral group
on my warr
but im not feral group
i mean does your arms get a feral group
prolly not
well I guess alot of ppl will run doubel feral
id be inclined to say that it doesnt matter much what you gem since it is so close
as warr
in fact they probably shoud just take sock bonus alot of the time
its also faster reactions
I think I side with Kenneth here
Haste is the only actual stat that matters for healers
gaining 200 healing power when you have 3000
is irrelevant
but haste is huge
goddammit hannu
your a mess
i mean resto shamans can do some dps too
haste can allow them to heal and get more bolts out
just depends if thats what you want
or just cut healers
its good for lock too
why not
why you calling us all clowns
and not  the druid
okay
so you agree
even tho you pretend you dont so you can argue w ppl here and call them clowns
yea its proabbly 1. bis for locks
considering seed
is a spell
that you cast
?
if its good
sure
what id like to see is a reasonable discussion on what various ppl stand to gain
not just
buncha ppl saying give it to me
so only the top 10 guilds are allowed to make decisions abbout loot based on class performance?
yawn
so sick of that argument man
"fury prot is only for top 1% of guilds"
"only top 10 guilds should cre about loot"
"if you dont speedurn SSC in 25 minutes then you shouldnt care about optimizing loot"
no
o wrong reply
???
isnt there another healer cloak
anyways
I think I saw that there is a free as fuck haste cloak in ZA
so me personally
im not obsessed w getting it
but I think the idea that ANY healer should automatically get it in any guild that isnt top 10 is clown as fuck
tons of guilds push clear times without competing on the global level
every guild cares about getting raid done faster
well almost every
yea your being an ignorant clown
sorr.y
your doing exactly what I hate - pretending that loot only matters in top 10 guilds
its just pure clown.
sorrry bror
its minor but its still relevant
your competing w hella ppl on healer cloak too hannu.
yea i dont argue for lock prio on cloak but if theres 3 fuckin healer cloaks to fight over i dont see why dps should have to fight over 1 cloak that isnt even bis
id like to see more info about ZA and new badge loot too
spriests never talk about the haste breakpoint using badge loot or ZA loot
they just say hey I need 5 pieces from raid for a mindfly tick
ignoring plenty of other ways they might hit their breakpoint
any pieces I can put low on my list because ZA has a nice alternative?
yea cloak I did see
any others?
does prot pala use all 5 pieces off tier
@Stabile
kinda like how Ideally I have both haste cloak and hit cloak
GOTTEM
jk jk
just wondering how contested tokens are
literally still sitting on only prince cloak
never got ogre
do gruul every week
prot pala and priests took suntstrider
mages took ogre magi
im still sitting on dead AF cloak
so yea
I want a fuckin cloak
everyones situation is different
thats what pisses me off when ppl like yea just fight 10 casters for one cloak of illidan
if im sittin on some dogshit useless cloak
and yours is pretty good
you shouldnt just get haste cloak cause your a healer
also why class prio discussions are so silly because veryone has different situations loot wise some ppl are cucked on weird items usually human based decisions and logic are what actually goes down
not some blanket class prio
but feels like everyone wants to come ini here to get us to concede some kinda of class prio so they can go wave a flag over an item in their own disc
its all so cringe man
TLDR can I just wear rocket boots on mother
thatts what they said about haste GCD buf
bug*
look at us now
do you guys watch wheel of time
what do you think of it
ðŸ˜¦
yea the pacing is kinda awkward but I still been enjoying it
they only gave em 8 episodes and he wanted 10 w a 2 hr intro epi
so I guess thatts way she goes
https://tenor.com/view/trailer-park-boys-the-way-she-goes-oh-well-gif-14173918
https://tenor.com/view/jack-nicholson-yes-nod-agree-gif-9864414
lots of ppl going to quit next phase.
regardless.
if its hard they quit
if its easy they quit
mmm no
they saying theyll do same shit as this phase to Sunwell
but giving 1 version of BT means weak mother most likely
i smoke after work every day
but not at work
idk it was bad when i was a degen and wake n bakin
spoar I see you being degen in latys twitch chat
i bet
I mean many habits are irresponsible
playing wow all day
sitting around watching wow twitch streams
suffice to say if you sit around all day in a class discord and playing 15 year old wow expac you probably shouldnt be casting judgement on others pass times
xelrog
i always knew you were fucked up
but
2, shadow
omegalul
mages got their prio
theres literally 0 more items in the game that you would prio to a mage because  they are a mage
not really
i see we are talking about prostate exams
in europe
poggers
so what
french canadians?
yes your 100% european
dont you fuckin
i speak french as a canadian - I spent 3 months in france while I was in high school. the essay I wrote was read to the entire school as an expample of proper french literacy
literally I know better french than the average french person lmao
quebec is bad
but so are french ppl lamo
they barely know their own language
they just say BAINNNN 100 times
and "franchement"
whippets are fucking degenerate
yall should be ashamed of yourselves
god you all know that one dude at the party sitting there doing whippets
"hey anyone wanna do some whippets"
"no ? Ok ill just sit here and do em"
yo the actual whip cream you make w the whip cream makers is delicious
I put a lil vanilla in
its way better than doing the whippet
realistic is very subjective too
12 warlock guild has a very diff realistic bis
than a 4 lock guild
yea its alot of RNG too
eh realistic comp is just whatever your guild runs
theres plenty of variety
i played without a boomkin and I wnted to kms
theres no guarantee til game is live
PTR can be wrong
can be right
but yea id assume we getting haste gem
because they basically said we getting post nerf T6
READ BETWEEN THE LINES MOTHERFUCKER
https://tenor.com/view/r-read-between-the-lines-jack-black-middle-finger-gif-5081789
yes but things like the gems wouldnt be in right
I know you wanna bait some argument about the lack/presence of prenerf content
but idc
case and point
your cringe
stop being cringe
dont care
i am a mong
I almost wrote case in point tho
I second guessed myself
hmm lets see
what are we talking about
calling each other idiots over
lemme guess
what could it be
real talk
your guild gonna blow up
and your gonna ask to join mine
well see
I wont join your guild
but if you want me for a cameo to show you all how to play one time
I could make that work
true just cut mages fuck the mana support back to discweaver
the content is ffree anyways
@jpaint So you fear me joining your guild because you dont want to be exposd as trash right
no more skull for you
new chad lock in town
no shot paint, no shot
lmao
i mean this entire convo is tongue in cheek
but paint has no shot
:p
https://tenor.com/view/doubt-press-x-la-noire-meme-x-button-gif-19259237
nah just built diff
jpaints gear is scuffed
gems are scuffed
hes boomer slacker now
this would be ffree
easiest win of my life
get more gear?
hehehe
you gonna go T6 lookin like this eh
sheeeeit
wheres your PVP gems
wheres your mech gem
wheres your heroic gems
actually so slack
not even a saph enchant @jpaint
bruh
i wouldnt even join your guild my worst warlock is better
shits beneath me
too much gear
dont know dont care
magus
idk you tell me boss
now the delusions commin out
hehehe i love you paint best of luck on holdiay season loots
raid cleared they count!
I just didnt wanna be heals paintus anymore
you can put back prom king if you want idc
yall liked that one hey
the joke is just that im 17 right
i didnt find it that good but w.e!
yawn arcane mage
noone cares
no shot
remember when krymer spent his entire life calling ppl retards for shilling fire only to be unequivicably proven wrong like every other mage idiot
and no i dont know how to spell that word
literally day in day out calling ppl retards
only to be wrong
Not a good look
not at all
lol
I see your still coping lmao
biggest clown in clown town
mage disc
its okay clown, its okay to admit you were wrong. REPENT.
Ill unblock you if I get at least 5 sentences in an apology letter
jpaint deserves one too
kekw
repent
https://tenor.com/view/shame-go-t-game-of-thrones-walk-of-shame-shameful-gif-4949558
because I do what I want
jpaint you sure you dont want in we got boomkins
and our  warlocks dont parse blue
never say never
2 rqaids
raids*
jpaint could probably make raid 2
all the phys dps cried for boomy start of P1, turns out its not worth it but some ppl rerolled for it
so such is life
w.e im happy to have 6% more crit
you were right but IDK about ST dps in P1 boss parsing
defs right in a full raid where seed is stronk
but unforch being right cant make you press buttons well
reason id farm paint is because he would refuse to sapper to prove a point about sapper
and gear ofc
coperrr
any dungeon
any heroic
any raid
target dummy
you name it
lemme know when your on faerlina
get on faerlina lets hit the dummy and then ill change my name to farmer of paint
well jpaint refuse to cam
so probably not paint
my hair down to shoudlers so if I clean shaved and a cute skirt
gg
he got real quiet when I said to hit the dummy
yea i dunno man im kinda doomer about rest of TBC atm
thats what they say
but will 1.5 s cast bolts really bring you happiness
glaives
glaives would bring ahppiness
mayb
well Id say I play for the social fun but if the gameplay is literally a joke
theres other games to play
tru
well yea same
but we have peaked in terms of our raid logging
dun matter i still win
never gonna join it tho
im not joining jpaints guild
hes delusional desperately wanting me to join
they need quality players bad
Is there any actual evidence naxx was designed with world buff sttacking in mind
I really dont think it was
shit trivialises most of the fights
KT is a joke w worlds
vanilla wow wasnt designed for autist min maxing thats very clear
l;ol why am I talkin silliest convo noone cares
if you dont like world buffs good for ou
if you like wbuffs
good for you
wait mayhem
what are haste breakpoints for a warlock
I want to laugh at this terrible argument of haste break points
not even number 1 on server
Auren farmed you w 1 lust bro
what happened
having trash on doesnt change
!mayhem
3 boss in kara
was his peak
id be a nethervoid realist too
if I was lookin like that
lol yea so you think theres a haste breakpoint for seed
sorry but there isnt
and if you think that you dont understand how haste works
your like jpaint
and fight club
hmmm 1.5s cast I will need 248 seconds to get an extra cast or else haste is useless hmmm
if one guy runs at 100 meters per second, and another guy at 90 meters per second, does it matter how long the race is to know who won? Because thats the argument your making. That these two people will just Tie if the  race isnt long enoug
lmao
that shit is so funny man
when ppl try to find something to make fun of me, click on my profile, see I left auto chess open last night and think I have been playing for 15 hours
nah its a jab to try to make fun of me that you pull back out to a joke after
lmao
because I needed something to play to wind down and get to sleep
games I been playing keep me up at night
I got first plce in the one game I played btw
chad
yea random ppl on the internet NEVER try to make fun of ppl on the internet LOL
yes
haste breakpoints is a meme
and even a sim would show that
i think libram of rapidity was underrated for sure
fight club geniuses think that fight has to be X length to "get an extra swing" from haste enchant
see hes not a random guy on the internet
so I understand hes making a joke
thats how that works
"You're not reaching a breakpoint in that timeframe"
There are no break points.
https://tenor.com/view/matrix-there-is-no-spoon-talking-kid-gif-17690655
yera I mean B was him saying he didnt claim to understand break points but then he brought breakpoints up again in D)
and there was no C)
im sorry but your just wrong there is no break point
and yes you will get extra casts on hyjal pakcs sometimes
with zhardoom
and any other statement is just nonsensical
im not baiting you im teaching ppl how haste works
"stop baiting I never siad breakpoints exist or claimed to understand them but breakpoints do exist I did hyjal 50 times they exist"
i did it one sentence
mayhem speedrun
holy shit you cant be this dumb
your first seed is "the timing you choose"  + your cast time for seed
and just MD sapper that shit
and you can seed on pull
MD Sapper MD Super Sapper Pala Sapper Pala Super Sapper
plenty of ways to make aoe threat
rofl
imma just seed on the pull w zhardoom
you keep beleiving break points exist #10 on lucifron warlock
you just want to cram as much juicy as possible into those 10-15 seconds, you do that with quags and by boweaving, not with some teeny tiny ZD haste
you realise haste matters
even in 10 second interval
you just cant deal w being wrong
the argument I might have gone for is haste capping your seeds with just quags/bowiz / other gear or something
that might be an actual break point
as someone who understands what the word break point means
you might be haste capping seed tbh
youd need 788 haste rating to cap without lust
your seed
quags is 320, bowize is 280, skull would be 175 so thatts 775 right there and your capped with just 7 haste form gear
so if you were bowiz quag and skulling you wouldnt want zhardoom
i dont think he understands haste
or mayb I dont
but
sheeit i thought seed was 1.5s cast
not 2s
that makes sense
k so you wont cap
mayb w lust and drums you cap tho
thats right
HasTe BrEaKpOiNts
big haste matters small haste doesnt
idk you probably think the vaccine gives you 5G connection too ight
your right
that example convinced me
haste has breakpoints
loool
ii get 1 seed on fucking tidewalker now
game is joke
i do
because sappers are good for warlocks
ofc
when you gon tell me im right
I told you
lmao
even without tap to get that last bit of dmg
its basically shadowburning a seed
if you have 0.1s less cast time from zhardoom you can inch into the mobs for 0.1s each cast and then get a free sapper breakpoints pog
jk jk
also each time you move in your seed will land slightly faster
now how short do hyjal trash packs have to be for ramsteins lightning bolts to be bis
along with sapper ofc
im 90% joking ofc
but THERES A CHANCE
wwheres the hellfire math dude when you need him
this was litearlly fight clubs argument against haste btw
even tho it sims better my brain says there is breakpoint
so sim is busted
librams of voracity were 300 g and rapidity were 5 silver
entire game population
deluded
by some mod on fight club saying haste has breakpoint
either way its RNG
Unless you can predict that mob will die in exact amount of time
lets make it simple right:
Theres a 2 second long fight
1 guy casts  every second.
the other guy casts every 0.99 seconds. Who casts more in the 2 second long fight?
even on a 2 second fight you MIGHT get an extra cast
it justt depends on the exact duration of the fight
it was better actually than the sim even said tbh
the sim wouldnt HS the first swing, was known bug
i removed my STR enchant in favor of haste
and no I have never seen anyone make convincing argument that that was wrong
again thats just a lie
i mean I couldnt tell you off hand
but I could tell you off hand that that math is a fallacy
no matter what the math says
as I just showed in a simple example
even 0.00001 s of faster cast has a chance to cast extra
its justt small chance on low duration fight
but when ppl go and say well crit would just be better
its possible
but youd have to sim it
and no there is no magic reason the sim would be wrong about it
if you were to you know have to move fofr some mechanic , and "letting your swing timer fill up" then ppl say you lost all the benefit you had from haste
but no
your just splitting the fight into smaller time chunks
30 s fight becomes 3 10 second fights
but in each of those 10 second fights, theres a CHANCE you get an extra swing based on the exact duration
if you could predict it was always gonna be exactly 10 seconds, then you could say with certainty whether you get benefit from haste at that breakpoint. But most real world situations arent predictable
to that degree
the enchant yea
swing 1% faster
no its not 1% less on your swing
100% haste would be insta swing then
its 1% faster swing
100% haste means you swing 2x as fast, not instantly
2.6865
i think
correct
sp crit
pure crit only for seed
no xelrog
heres an example
what if the fight is only 2.6866 seconds long?
the reality is fight lenght is a random variable, as you increase fight length you increase the probability you get an extra swing. Reaching 100% at the point that you said.
however as you cant predict fight length exactly
theres always a chance
you get a benefit from ahste
when you run a sim, and set randomized fight length in some range, you simulate this effect. what sims better IS the better enchant on average.
correct
no
this is incorrect
you ALWAYS have a chance to get a gain
you just only GUARANTEED get a gain
at the point that your mathing to
however if a sim says haste wins , it DOES win on average over your sim params (number of iterations matters ofc)
yep
yep
but then you have a CHANCE to get 2 casts past your 9 minutes or whatever
and guaranteed 1 cast
if that was your logic to "not trust" it sure, but that wasnt the logic used
uh huh and thats the same as EVERY stat
crit isnt different in this regard really
uh huh but your giving something up to get it
opp cost of haste
end of the day
sim is king
not your feel craft
i mean yes but in this case in this example
lol
my point bringing up crit is NOONE makes these arguments for crit
that its coinflippy
its like your saying o STR sims worse than haste but haste is coinflippy so Ill take the 10 dps loss on sim
but you wont do that for crit
which is also coin flippy
or hit
the arguments ppl actually gave were weird logical fallacies like the one Communist came in here to argue
yea like how many you can fit in a lust or whatever?
CD durations are fixed and predictable durations and those ARE real breakpoints
though a sim does represent those types of things
the trouble w those breakpoints is you assume lust happens at T=0 in your cast or something
otherwise lust start time is random variabel too
hmm do your guys sims treat lust start as random variable
if that is too predictable it could lead to biased result from sim
Id just use the sim in broad strokes tbh
bubt its worth understanding your breakpoint w regards to your trinket Id say
maybe theres a window that you sburn at the end of a trinket?
so you dont waste?
or at the start?
ye
but like remember how in classic vanilla you had optimal toep and ZHC use
where you would start Corr w trinket or not
that shit should apply in TBC as well
but it would shift depending on your current haste
in theory you could make a weakaura that would tell you whether or not its worth to cast like a sburn at end of trinket or immolate at start or something
would have to do math to figure out whats optimal
it wouldnt be too ahrd, trinket duration/bolt cast time = X
can you fit an extra burn or not?
if so flash burn
on screen
LOL
k
just do immolate then
hah sure
imm p sure that ZHC optimization actually was main thing that put me ahead of other locks in my raid
and im surprised its never come up in TBC convos tbh
I mean if you reliably beat other ppl with better gear than you
its not just crit rng sir
no I did some compares and sometimes wed have exact same casts
but yes theres many factors
but your literally getting a free extra cast in trinket duration if you do it
its not insignificant at all
esp in classic where your firemaw is like 30 seconds or someshit
Goose speedruns were fun to watch
they are over in like 1-10 minutes  entertaining
depending on category any% or 100
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-ExTp5-WgC8
this is what i watched ffrom games done quick I enjoyed it
if you interested
they kinda explain game and the runs
first is full run second is Any %
STOP
STOP MAKING THIS FALLACY
https://tenor.com/view/the-rock-stop-stop-right-there-stop-it-talk-to-the-hand-gif-12345343
you think haste is hard math try to figure out haste for slam warrior
double str libram was just worse on average AND worse on high roll
ppl are just sheep clowns
so how do I become one of the college of cardinals
Or a Coc member
if you will
i could buy a home but Im worried houses in my area gonna go down not up
tru
mainly because oil n gas is only economy and seems to be headed out the door
do you live on your own jpaint
or
when I asked about bowweaving ppl said wasnt worth cause of GCD
but I guess you can swap on a life tap hey
so whats your macro like
YEA
as a 15 year old its kinda tough
o cmon
krymer younger
wait how old is hannu
in lockcord
if im younger then hannu then is hannu just like 80 years old w dementia
@jpaint
parse limit is 99 or above sorry
im 29 years young
alone home gamer
pronouns are "your highness and your lordship"
also respond to warlock king
scumbag mindflay ticker
voracity libram sheep
yes because spriest is so bad with haste
mindblast is on CD
thats how bad haste is for spriest
its LITERALLY just for a mindflay tick
also they put up weaving slightly faster pog
give star to prom king pls
whats the new summon weaver spec?
new strats?
no
because fire is bis
idiot
if you play fire lock and dont weave succ for first doom your actually dogshit
i just realised
paint you are so good at this game actually
always pushing it forward
lol
i was just about to write that
they SHOULD do that
actually dogshit gamers
yea you want scorch stacks for first immo anyways
might as well get a Jswap off
im trademarking that term
@jpaint why doesnt sim support jswapping
yea but shadow priest skull?
but not mage or ele?
o
he said that too
lmao why are you still talking about breakpoints mayhem
your denting
haste is linear on average
still linear on average
doesnt matter if gurtogg has to move a bunch
sheeesh
what is this
you bringing gifts
or just coming along uninvited
sugma what?
whats sugma
I'm seeing many bigoted comments down there so I just want to make this clear : any hate towards moderators will result in a permanent ban from this Discord with no warning. This includes, but is not limited to, calling moderation a "cuck" or saying that we "watch our wives get banged by other men". Moderation is one of the most useful jobs to society.

Behave. Or get banned.
gtfo mage
censorship is def the most magey part of this disc tho
and its done by Lovebird
so Lovebird =  Mage
gtfo
who made mages the mods
of this disc
lovebird censoring samuel
jpainting
shaggy secret mage too
yea he compensates by talking so much shit about amge
the mods are all mages
its gone to shit
shaggy doesnt like other mages speaking for him
your cringe level is measured by your star count tbh
need to see lower half to be sure
why are you a censorship samuel
mage
jpaint face cam = melisandre in true form cosplay
thats why he doesnt face cam
this girl walks up and slaps your bfs ass
what do you do
yea just laugh it off while she bangs your boy
sounds about right
arms chad***
hear me out 0 spriests
1 arcfire mage because they take no gear
If you have horsemen blade in bags at all your cringe af
Also merry Christmas
Wat
O my name
I thought I changed this paints been farmed by me literally every single phase of classic since mc
And also farmed in bedroom
shilling no male affli is  a ban
for sure
straight to jail
everyone comes around in the end
wat
i didnt say that
idk
is there a problem
why
he chad
no its not
yasuo a lil fairy samurai bitch
hes just fun
im dogshit
but you so horny
lol
@Jujutsu why you so horny
https://tenor.com/view/love-horny-flirt-attraction-sexy-gif-16040725
if you play ekko
ever
even once
in a single game
your absolute hellspawn
lovebird doesnt surprise me at all
ccensors
plays ekko
talks about the "meta"
while being felguard cheerleader ekko playing censorship lock disctator
dicktator
tru
you installing scripts from twitch chat again
no you really sweat it out  w the boweaving
need soulfrost
or you do intt as excuse to never boweave
swapping it on on a life tap gcd
getting proc w even ST spells
and then swpaping back
classic gremmer
i did get alot of socks
i owe it all to jpaintings discipline  muting me for 2 hrs for saying sappers strong
it built character
how much haste do I need to cut spriest from raid entirely
15% haste would be 15% dmg
so
237 haste rating
and you can drop spriest
im kidding
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
yea true
yea just fire
do you tho
5%
spriest is 5%
id rather have 100%
warlock
than a 5% warlock
whats better spriest that doesnt scale off haste at all
or another warlock
10 ish
3 per dps group w boomy and ele shaman
1 fire mage
so thats like 10
i guess spriest scales off haste by giving 15% dmg to warlocks
since warlocks scale off haste
they scale better off giving warlocks haste
than taking it
@Blow thoughts?
max scaling build
is passing haste gear
for spriest
they are so cute
at least they try to do the maths
spriests should be putting haste gear for me on their wishlist
if they care about their dmg contribution
they give me 15% dmg. I actually scale off haste
so therefore
they do more dmg
by passing haste
can you really understand ISB if you believe in haste breakpoints
!jparse
!jparse2
!jparse 2
!jpainting
well if it just devolves to linear gain on average do you really call that a breakpoint

wrong

srry your correct
hmmm
shit I meant about the tennis thing
i dont think that statement is true
id delete it but I want the stars
monka
isnt it that you have an ever increasing probability from 0 to 100%
its not jumping from haste % to 100%
should just be linear
if I say your right will you give me more stars
I dont want that to be my most starred post
see thats why its sus paint
I think your sus
something got fucky there
i think that your still doing 1% more dmg
past the breakpoint
just because the probability of an extra cast increases
doesnt mean dmg increases
haste to dmg should still be lineart
and noone cares about cast breakpoitns
we care about dmg
ok
notice how regardless of fight len tho its still 1%
well assuming fight len is random variable
on average
1% gain
regardless of length
therefore
no breakpoint
gg
what do we need for tanking illidan
wait what
no SR gear?
and bofa deez nuts?
haha
ccan someone tell me what we need to tank illidan pls
uh
week 1 and what if any HOD items should be prioed my way
what are you guys putting together for week 1 illidan?
Any sets?
any 70 upgrades
month 2 clear but zhardoom drops first kill and goes to me
yall dont have boomys right
our boomy got banned for RMT for  a bit
and it feels so sad losing 6 crit man
yall dont know what your missing
feels like I never crit now
only the chaddest warlocks get a boomy group really
or so many OH around that the zdoom ppl get sunflares
and zdoom for seed set
oof
well we are giving vestments to spriests
and fangs to holy paladins
just get on my RNG level
the only piece we got cucked on was mindstorm
and who cares about that
yep in the end its just RNG
your either planning around TOC drops or zdoom drops somehow
if it drops it drops
what if I just fuck it
but its not in relationship w me
sup
not that much
but yea theres a graph
THIS MAN FUCKS
NO SPRIEST NO PROBLEMS
1 too many mages tho
ooff no shaman LOL
why you giving haste to mages
over destros
hit*
not hastte
no lusts?
you should reroll shaman tbh
I just pulled a jswap on gruul
YEA I WENT FROM NO 15% TO 15%
POG
No dst
jswap is trash
depends fire jswap or shadow jswap
fire jswap = you  doom with shadow sac and swap to fire
hmm
must be broken
i /who jpaint
0 players total
wait thats just normal right
cause you never online
hell yea
noone knows anymore
1 million transferring guilds shattered the community

should I whisper these guys
tell em im jpaints friend



sheeeesh
so your one of the warlocks Jpaint never loses to hey
dats ruff
jpaint your new guild is called plugged up
not hyperbolic
plugged up was alot better than hyperbolic
just sayin
its not too late
you guys can break off
you should still do that name
but guild can be <in healspls bum>
<from lock talk>
so you can be
jpaint <from lock talk>
jpaint <no cam>
wand is ZZZ old news
im just here so I dont get fined at this point
wand isnt even good for them tho
say your on alar P1. You have to move into range to cast. You will move more with 1/2 than 2/2
say your on vash and strider spawns on other side of map
lurker is annoying positioning as well with 1/2
id cut points in SE

like this or something
yea
it counts for soul siphon
but
are you doing green beam?
yea it kinda is because the tank could itemize around SE
but yea you dont reallly need SE for farm
i agree
haste good
ooga booga
sim assumes 0 free taps
so
any amount of free taps you get
buffs haste
tiny ass dps loss
when your doing pure ST
and never seeding
and the real shit is
you dont take the red gems
for 10 dps
other classes do
should I ask for ffirst HODs for illidan tanking set
or make some scuffed void sphere thing
i dont
i ditched vanilla stuff
literally any game is like this really
diamond amateur league of legends teams would beat 10 year - ago TSM
rando chess players would beat old Grandmasters
ppl simultaneously want hard content but shame and flame anyone that doesnt clear week 1 lol
sure
i mean the difficulty is getting attempts in when you only raid 3 hrs a week or w.e
yea they did a vanilla pserver where all the content was unlocked and it was basically just trying to see how quick you could do naxx
that kinda shit doesnt make $$$ though
gotta milk the content for 2 years
wow was never a hardcore game really
like ever
when wow came out it was the casual mmo
and they continued to cater to casuals more and more as it went on
before wow it was like
you die you lose exxp
or gear
in every mmo
i mean its harder than the dogshit it is now
most ppl had a more satisfying gameplay experience in the prenerf iteration id say
at least those that want it hard
hard is subjective term but the content is certainly dogshit easy now
sure
nothing is going to be hard if your a true pale pve sweat
ever
you know its coming out
you know 10000 strats that make it easier
this game wasnt designed for pale pve sweats with perfect knowledge of upcoming content though
you strip any diffficulty away by being that try hard lol
no its really not its just level of effort and care put in
right
meanwhile these dads showed up w no prep raided 3 hrs and called the week over
also ptr
if you got week 1 clear because you did 8 hrs of ptr
or more
thats not "easy"


why isnt just engi enough
i watched a stream engi alone seems fine
Newbie questions brother
If your bored of warlock disc maybe try not  sitting around staring at disc
every day man
/who jpaint


YOUR GUILD PLAYS THE GAME
WHY DONT YOU
you could be helping your boys out in botanica
mayb zg
jpaints guild
so probably cringe lowbie killing
why do warlocks have blue names
dont you know thats bad
its mage name
yall make me sick
i shilled blade of wizardry beffore it was cool
when yall were still saying it was waste of gold


paint copied me
1 week later
srry paint
once again trying to steal my thunder
couldnt let it happen
dogshit I played dota auto chess but just started tryng TFT cause of the double up mode
friend asked me to play
kinda fun mode
Iron actually
Iron 1
i like the double up mode you can like send stuff to your partner
helps lessen the RNG  a bit
feels more strategic
I was Rook in Auto Chess tho alright
respect the name
i mean there is 2v2 arena !
warlock arena is too stressful man
warrior just go zug and make ppl go boom
I dont really do either
dabbled a bit
I did alot of arena in original WOTK on lock tho
Tryna fill every GCD , control the pet, chain CC
or just smash someone w warrior
haha
yee the portal strats
date of post is 07/02
ok thats cringe
can you self ban pls
ved what do you think of jpaint dropping atiesh for blade of wizardry


jpainting
also not there
also you should change your name to JeremiahP
tru
lemme guess "atiesh not that good for fire because of breakpoint"
å…„å¼Ÿè…åŒ–è€… brother corrupter åº”ç”¨ç»¿è‰²ç›¾ç‰Œ apply green shield ç‰ºç‰²æ’©äººçš„å¥³å£« sacrifice sultry lady å‘å±•ä¼˜ç§€çš„ç ´å develop excellent devastation
!howtofire
!
!fireorshadow
!shadoworfire
!ryusei
!lovebird
!skycrab
!degenerate
!healspls
wow no fried
!@tted
cant believe @tted didnt make command status
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
!atiesh
well then why did you get Atiesh
were you worse than them back in naxx
definitely were shit in MC
so we could go on long walks in Swamp of Sorrows?
and be miserable
lul @jpaint your parsing against a buncha locks that dont even have quags eye
and then saying atiesh not worth
SMH
this idiot is still  using T3 pants not spellstrike
not everyone yoinked a day 2 quags ok
wait wtf why do you think haste overvalued in sim
thats fuckin cooked command
delete it
literally fried
Sims tend to slightly over value Haste due to the nature of them assuming perfect conditions. In reality over an entire fight or until you have to move you might miss our on the last spell gain from haste. 

CLOWN LOGIC ABOVE
you actually might get multiple more spells
from breaks in fights
could lead to haste being UNDER valued
overall sims probably underrate haste
who the fuck made a command that said sims overrate haste
like actually
whos in charge here
where are the mods to take the mages away
ye
like bruh no logic no facts just make some clown command lets go
make me a mod so I can clean this shit up
oof was this a gffoty
ZEPHAN
WTF
sure it can
aka trust the sim
not say that sim is overrating
NAH you !fried
cast breakpoints arent dps breakpoints
just because you get a guaranteed extra cast at T=X doesnt mean you are getting more % dps at T=X
your getting same % dps gain
no it doesnt
on average your dps gain from haste will be equal to your haste % whether its before the breakpoint or after the breakpoint
assuming fight length is a random variable
on average
key phrase there
prove me wrong
if you move at all its the same shit
yea but theres chance all  of the intervals hit
and give MANY extra casts
that will average out
to be the same gain
id beat paint w no gems so
not really a fair compare
ok I need heroic BF gem
defeated in June 2019 cmon we been over this
no
yes
imma go take nap before raid now tho
gotta get my beauty sleep
so I can perform at my peak
yea
with a slight westward curve
not full on west
just like north north west

my nap before raid over
still no pain
oof jpaint anti vax k thks bye
this qt comes up and slaps your boyfriends ass what you do

its a her
i mean running ironshield and cutting def gear for threat means that you only have proper tankiness for 20 seconds
doesnt sound like the play to me
o right
eh
confused w nightmare seed
thats what mine does
but he runs SP to gloves
so hes not to be trusted
49% thats a nice wang
@jpaint cheer me on im raiding bro
i lost to a smite priest

PROT PALA KILL ME
nice game
127 MM IS P SMALL
thats like 5 inch
thats one slender bender
uhhh
i duno
in someones world it is
avg parse is 50 too you know
you wanna parse 50?
85 mm
id actually rope
most men probably experience more pleasure from taking a shit than 85 mm could provide
ITS NOT GAY IF ITS YOUR BROS DICK
oops caps
based on the above results id probably wanna spend new year w shaggy
49%
Lets play valheim instead
jviking
jesus I didnt realise you were 14 too
hannu got 62 % actually
srry shaggy gotta bounce
what else did you want me to use
roblox you tried
i know a game we can play
its called this little piggy
shaman is literally worst one
jpaint abuses his power for evil
here is good spriest sim
use brain
hastte bad
gg
its when you and your  mates make a circle around a robin and jerk of i think
wanna play soggy jpaint
ok im srry im on one today
wat
Why are all priest mods toxic
shadow too
fire bis
Nah, I agree with Shanu. Bael is regularly condescending to people when they don't deserve it, and definitely contributes to this discord being a bit toxic at times. Might be worth reflecting on why multiple people think that about him.
who is cerede
why he know memes but noone know him
they do?
isnt it just
you stop casting chain lightning
lol
tru
nah they just go to a shittier rotation than their curent one because its bad w haste
its like gain for a loss bullshit

jpaint
if you dont play wow
what DO you do
while you sit here on discord
just discord?
can you get off your ass
and go buy a face cam
turn it on then
no stream because hed be exposed
but
he does lock talk
look how long his loin cloth is
bro
yo thats longer than literally any race's tabard
thats not a coincidence
!incubus
can you update this command to show what hes really packin
i miss him
idk why ppl delete pic of incubus
thats literally part of game
never seen noone delete a succubus
unless using DS
what do you think my incubus's name will be
Domvino
pog


my collection grows
if you dont have 17 trinkets in your bags
are you really gaming
Which I had a 3d printer. So I can 3d print a small dumpster with the discord logo on it, that fits candles. So I can lid the candles when this discord goes full dumpster fire.
:DumpsterFire_Animated:

also its Hear*
considering 800 of his 1k posts are just guild recruitment and the other 200 are trolling
id say he doesnt actually talk about warlock things
i played warlock in vanilla
just was my alt
im just a person w a brain
playying lock in vanilla as main is suicidal shit
if you played warlock in vanilla
you lack the warlock knowledge
to not play warlock in vanilla
therefore
my opinion is more valid than yours
yea and they are generally better than vanilla locks
because they arent brain dead
actually used to maximizing their dps
ppl on this disc are the exception not the norm
most locks havent got a clue
spoar omega cringe
tru
but im a chad at both so
all good
reroll warlocks do it better
its just fax
no atiesh weighing em down
your fuming over nothing
rent free baby
when will the mod take the mages away
you wish
warrior rerolls are the guy your girlfriend told you not to worry about
and your 100% worried
srry
your imaginary partner
in the figurative example
you just spammed cope 20 times kekw
i think im fine
your the washed one



kekw
the holidays not treating spoar well it seems
I made turkey w apple bacon stuffing
and beans w maple syrup butter
and garlic mashed
pretty pog
miso gravy
i clap back if ppl come at me like anyone else
like just talk about a warlock thing
ppl answer
jpaint
jswapping
ISB
mages being illegal
@lovebirdx do you prefer the felguard or the incubus
will you switch "teams"
cheerleader wise
i mean incubus is
longer
my felhunter is a she
see told you
i knew that
ofc
some felguard cheerleader doesnt even loudly proclaim allegiance to one of the well endowed pets
wrong
33% haste poggers
someone make incubus happy new year thing we can spam
@Xelrog  where you at
!party
mods are partying post incubbus

yo discord filter actually removes ffull body incubus pics
thats a scam

what bits
its just incubus
you posted just his bum
dont hear me complaining
getting banned from shaman discord speedrun complete
now I have 3 warrior shaman and warlock
err mage*
so its blizzlike
and wont get fixed prob
how many patches even happened in sunwell
we can prob stop whining about seed bug
they aint gonna fix it if its blizzlike
we do?
link me the hard evidence pls
EJ referencing some obscure testing isnt what I would call hard evidence
but ill read it
actually no he didnt
jpaint and shaggy said its fixed
ryusei said inconclusive
This evidence is about as hard as my dick when I met your mother
soft as shit
yea
pretty likely tbh
EJ makes mistakes all the fuckin time
remember "immolate is a dps loss" - EJ
with scuffed math
no that was NOT the conclusion at all.

this was the conclusion xelrog
https://wowwiki-archive.fandom.com/wiki/Shadow_Bolt_vs_Incinerate
srry xelrog
it means nothing
its wrong
they fail to account for immolate's dps
yet this page stood and was referenced plenty
yea my bad I  messed up the context of the page
mayb you reference another page
point is for a long time ppl believed this and took it at face value
you need HARD video evidence, not some refernces on EJ.
so far the best evidence I have seen comes from virtuoso
ye
yoiu know that bluepost about robot chicken - where they vaguely say ppl abused mechanics like the robot chicken bug back then
anyone know anymore about that
i mean we all just swap profs constantly anyways man
being forced LW would actually be a blessing
how do I get better at TFT
I try every day in game
yea but how will we do a dungeon
when your raiding
ill ask your raid membberrs if it would be alright if we do a quick arcatraz heroic
i need the gem
actually
help pls
no
!party
you post pics of incubus, if the mods like the pic, theyy give partylock role
best results if you DM individual mods
the pics
tru shadow didnt work so
!seedfixed
ok mayb tomorrow
mages out
they said gcd wasnt gonna get fixed too
lmao
cope
This hotfix is intended to bring the behavior of the GCD in line with version 2.4.0 of Burning Crusade, which the gameplay conditions of Burning Crusade Classic 2.5.2 are based on. Due to a bug in the original 2.4.0 code, players with high Spell Haste in original Burning Crusade were sometimes able to cast certain spells less than second apart, and they would also sometimes be delayed to over a second, based on how their actions were lining up with the serverâ€™s tick rate.

With this hotfix, weâ€™ve decided that the fairest and most accurate thing we could do is to replicate the intent of the original game and enforce that Spell Haste cannot reduce the GCD below 1.0 second.
arena wasnt mentioned at all

the pvp mention was by Rokman not blue post
so just a writer on Wowhead right
mages..... fried?
!fried
i can see how a mage would get confused and want to believe that the mechanic was only OP in arena
but totally 100% fine for PvE
hell yea
its saturday I thought
make you do too much dmg
and take all the loots
mage lose to warlock in T6 onward, as they should, as they did on OG TBC
T5 was for mages
hope you had fun
jpainting had fun
skull was meant for warlocks, that bug would make mages take skull
blizz had to intervene
heh I remember you popping offf on me in mage disc about skull and fire locks
look at us now â¤ï¸
look at us
https://tenor.com/view/who-wouldve-thought-not-me-look-at-us-paul-rudd-hot-ones-gif-16080041
pretty good
strongtusk accused me of sending him child porn to try to win an arugment tho
good riddance
he literally made up me sending him child porn when he lost argument
trying to get me banned
o sureshank
not strong tusk
yea he was basically MIA from this disc after that
showed up a few random times
he was very upset that some frost res was good on KT in naxx
wrong
jujutsu
yes
yes
cant mages cast immolate for us or somthing
jpaints raid sounds great
uh
ok
4 druids lmao
boomy not worth - jpaint
we run 4 druids - also jpaint
i kno
double resto puke
dont have to wear atiesh if
o wait
tonking sucks and you play 2 hrs a week
you aint cut out for it paint
stick to slinging bolts
!jgems
!jebdazzle
jgems was the one
yea when you jparse and wipe the raid
thats a tru blessing
have you ever tanked before
i know you think your good at the game because you play warlock/mage but....
true
but you know
some ppl still struggle
ive seen plentyy of "competitive gamer" andies that can barely press 2 buttons for some reason
healing actually probably takes a modicum of skill in this game tbh
but yea tank is not so bad
thing is with tank you just gotta remember to do your 1 mechanic per fight or something
and jpaint seems quite forgetful
he forgot when he lost in dps to other warlocks
wiped it from his mem
it counts
also
!jparse
!jparse2
thats not the only time you forgot
!jparse 2
!jswap
!
to move
to sac a pet
yea
you should look for the taunt debuff
and react accordingly
like a true gamer
boss is on top of you -> turn camera with mouse -> W
itss a tough combo
depending on your competitive experience you may not have it down
mainly only fighter game players
can do it
stoneshield pot and quick sum void sac
i think thats true but I dont think its worth it to keep seeding when oom on 3
!skull
guys I know my fursona now
but is the pseudopenis functional
does the male have a pseudo vaj
or is it just kinda chillin out
when they bang
o shit
what the hell
holy fuck wait
the caption is amazing
woah
it comes out of the pseudo
the female spotted hyena's pseudo penis retracts to accept  the male
and yes the baby comes out of the pseudo
60% of cubs get stuck
and it can be fatal for the mother
yea
o wait sorry
for first time moms
60%
second time has better results
they just fuck again
why not?
remember these lads from lion king

sheeit they are spotte
poor guys
baby die 60% of time first time, mother sometimes dies its like a proc
yea
or curse of doom
oof
i was thinkin more spawning the doomguard and having to run back in maraudon
because you were too high to realise what was going on
whats the opposite of FEMBOI
cause spotted hyenas
are that
hm
i was hoping more for like mangirl
or something
longirl
waaa
nature
its a pseudo
im sorry I thought it was nbd
yea
but I said sorry
shit actually ssells
we have like 50k gold in gbank
from just vortex
full crafts
laty is a clown
said same shit about this phase
salad bakers running hunters lmao
TNB just ran a p standard comp 4 hunters
laty was literally hunter stack
laty just doesnt know TBC very well
p clear
true but I am not someone ppl put on a pedestal
the opposite in fact
o they do
gfoty does
no you malded because I said laty was not
ðŸ™‚
69 million
yea I didnt say he was BAD I just said he wasnt a god
and that he dont know shit in tbc
o gfoty did

i just dont think that pressing your rotation on a warrior and simping yourself  makes you that great at game.

Its not actually hard to play warrior.

And I watched laty stream kara and literally grief his raid for 2 hrs while screaming at them
bruh he ninja pulled 3 different times in 1 kara and each time he screamed at his raid like it was their fault
there is SO many clips
of him griefing
and then flaming others to cover it up
if someone in the raid gets conflagged, she is too close to them
if that is because the raid is dumb thats on them
but sometimes she likes to run into the raid
i mean p1 tbc ppl ran demo/aff/destro
for various reasons
all had a purpose
idk if anyone still runs demo now
eh there was a pretty good case for demo lock being strong before the succ cheesing
just felguard
jswapping
!howtofire
I think your vastly overstating the situation and its mostly a buncha friends from pserver raiding together. And their raid situation is pretty equitable for all of them, not just ahl
ok what if you all red gem 1 blue with msd tho
yea
all red 1 blue MSD was only like a 10 dps loss I just simmed
but still a L
ok 12 dps diff
fire is bis because arc dragonling will be fixed
lmao

and this guy's bolts arre like - only 2 s
hes not fully hasted
3100 dps
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KHMjQ9M8G68
o no did pserver mess up how to calculate shadow bolt dps
browns get very mad when you talk about it but I think rogues catch up quite handily by end of game
mayb not actually aheaD or tied
but rogue has better gear next phase better tier bonus
yea on ST ofc
:S
hes wearing ritssyns
cata is bis
smh my head
o cmon ryu
again vast overstatement
hes using ritssyns
cata definitly can be a dps gain in a real fight
Alar most certainly it is
I mean the sim is a good tool here
and sim says cata good
but sure handwave and say cata is "only good if your lucky"
when you just said
its "never good in any real fight"
your flip flopping
if it sims better on average. Its not a parse gamble
if anything you running immolate is a parse gamble
because your betting you wouldnt have gotten value ffrom cata
when sim says on average you would
is it tho
i mean if your calling an on average gain a gamble then everything is a "gamble"
crit gear is a gamble
haste gear is a gamble
like its not just breakpoints man
its like haste
theres a chance you get a cast before breakpoint
idk I feel like your the one feelcrafting
on the sim I get marginally less variance
with cata
not a huge shift in variance as you claim
marginally more variance*
237 vs 247
tho I have T6 on
i know that
im not talking about mean
im talking about the +/- value which i am not sure is truly variance or st dev but its related to variance as I understand

what do you want the range to be
i had 300 s but obvs too long so I did 50-60
just tell me what range you want
yea
that was my thought
yep
vasj p1
usually around a minute
yawn ok
my sim shows immolate being dog
ok so @Ryusei if your not casting immolate
then you gonna skill cata
?
instead of imp immolate
unban kenneth
kenneth did nothing wrong
its not a gotcha
so thats a yes
improved pain hey
sheeesh
i have imp pain , cata and no emberstorm right now
:Pepeclown:
because a) I belive in catabolt
b) I believed imp SP was the best option I could take considering I tank 2 bosses this tier
yes
i rather it be smooth then have new lock fucking it up each week
and I dont care about parses
uhh certainly wasnt best for my parses
cap has like 0 debuffs on it
my best KT parse I got lucky they kited thaladred near me so I could hit him for 12k instead of capernian for 8k
ye
ppl arent debuffing the mob for just me to hit
so idk why anyone would say thats better for parsing
in our second raid our prot warr does it
not anymore cause its too easy but
theres a down side in that someone is doing  no dmg applying the debuff for just you
and also just because it has disruption on it doesnt make it better for parsing
because thala has disruption + all other debuffs
its still better to hit thala
can get that on thala too
pass sextant to the boomy
sextant is not that good for you anyway
sextant is good for boomys main set next phase
so sure mayb sometimes its a nice swap trinket for seed
boomkins get haste from crit basically
sextant isnt bis if they gt skull but
they arent getting skull
on that note he actually wears JC neck in his top dps log
he really isnt as fully simped as ppl say but w.e big memes
ahlaundoh
yes
i mean its a parsing guild but theres many guilds doing even more cringe things and not even getting results
^
yea a true degen is like the china warlock that got 12 bufs
its like 4 lusts 3 PI 2 vates

full simp

not so simp
0/1 totem of wraths
1/1 totem of fire ele
at least in my raid thats how it would go
i trained them but they went off their leash a bit
hydross does things to an ele
just tank him as frost til tank dies and yolo him over to poison side
thats how we would do it lol
i hate you
i hate everything you represent
espeon is also one of the worst evee lutions
i said it
1. Vaporeon, for obvious reasons
2. Jolteon
3. Umbreon
4. Flareon
5. Espeon
rest dont count because I didnt play them
jk flareon actually bottom tier dogshit
but I put espeon on bottom to be mean
ye idk sylveon leafeon
i dislike espeon because I think its sloppy it fails to represent the type well
thats a water pokemon for sure

lihgtning yes

whats this
pink
its pink
thats it
ye
i never seen sylveon

but its at least a bit better
glaceon seems lazy
leafeon is dece
thats just good warrior-ing
reck isnt griefing everyone else
if you cut the ele after the adds are dead
and put back totem
i think its fine
i explained
y

im sure you do
thats just a normal picture of vaporeon
how many times did you research
ok ok
yea I regret it
!seedfixed
@jpaint can you update the command
Its Jan 3 no
now
ok good
pls try to keep up to date
year first
yyyy mm dd
sortable date
only way to go
lol
!ban all french
!ban just ryusei
id be a good mod
jpaint said he was gonna make me a channel and never did
i dont have access
can you give
!giveperms Heals ALl
!tag jpaintsucks readthetag
a true angel
!bael
they delete all the fun stuff
yellow spotted hyena was bis discussion of the entire week
yes you were all "pumpers" in vanilla
pumping out those CORs
o yea you were totally pumping w searing pain
definitely a pumper

rerollers are bis
because if you played vanilla warlock then you lacked the warlock knowledge to not play warlock in vanilla
vanilla locks are nice for their atiesh buff
helping out the reroll pahmpers
ninice guys
not really
my identity is pahmp
member when warlocks top dps in naxx i just need hit cap i swear
we beat mages sometime prolly
i was
as a warrior
XD
because he gets to hit when Saph is in the air mayb
but sadly warriors still shit on locks even on that fight
lock into fury
fury in iCC
lock before
you don choose the pump life
pump life choose you
idk they banned me but it will depend highly on fight params
50 s fight w reck
probably alot
300 s fight no reck
but im arms
fury does 10k dps just only sim 15s cleave
w reck
and glaive
basically if your a mod of a class discord your probably a prety cringe person
and that applies to fight club mods
eh I pissed mods off by calling them out on their flip flopping bullshit
and then one day
I found out that OH glaive is a dps loss
so if OH drops first and you give fury
it just sits in bags
this displeased the warrior discord
my biggest regret is I didnt make it long enough to rub fire lock in their face
kinda
fÃªmboy
works
priests are nevr happy
i prefr when they ARE oppressed tho
i said probably
there are some exceptions
!mayhem
!bowweaving
yea thats a linear relationship
bis
how many burgers
i thought you were european and not fat
holy fuck shaggy actual evil genius irl
yea true warlock
evil dementor
alright ill bite give me an example of what you think you might learn doing this, for example
like
what nature vs nurture dilemma will you solve
I just think that you wont get to bottom of nature vs nurture ppl will just call whatever you do w the robots nurturing
this  right, unless you have  like a thousand years to spare
what hypothesis do you actually have
warlock = my tribe
guldan = best warlock
his skull = mine
the sentinelse ppl gonna just ask for skull prio and attack you like all the other tribes tbh
no point
ret pala cause noone knows anything about them and noone really cares
even themselves
ok im updating on the mayhem drama
but was he right tho
is nethervoid bis
why not
Fbi wat
he usually not that dum
we have like 8 or something
every warlock in 2 raids has it
2 ashes broooo
ye
yea and we took like 6 weeks to kill KT or something retarded
because we did vash first and had a bad time
basically you get it if you pump
minimum 1780 dps on KT to get purple role
yep
its krymer hes trollin
its double troll
troll spriest and wrlock
in one sentence
nah not really
we clear when we clear we didnt do PTR we got no shadow res we lazy AF
i  actually played warlock alot in classic and was always curse of reck bitch
I know the pain well
i saw my first post in this discord yesterday
I was educating shaggy
o no it was quackin
i  actually played warlock alot in classic and was always curse of reck bitch
@gremmerðŸ¢ you dont even know my true strength. Also I admit im wrong all the time stop baiting and I might tell you how to get purple
we need lovebird to be a banner for that banner
if you catch my drift
he muted me after and the mute implied they were real dicks
no pseudo in the mute text
he didnt even fix it after he wsa corrected
who are you
stop changing your picture
it was a pseudo
bit o both
lil colum a lil column b
do  you still play wow
what class do you play
so you quit mage?
seems like all these mage discord "chads" just quit their mage
what happen
this is why you always have a chad warr toon in the back pocket
im ready w Tsunami DST
badge

are you even tryying if you dont carry 14 trinkets
ofc
im just better bro
for tank
because if I have to tank as arms I dont have DEF talent and so my hit gets griefed
the real question is why I still have kiss off the spider
tru
your on my seerver right
can I get some water bro
useless mage
Your raid will have enough for you just clearing first time
Wait
!fried
Nice
!howtofire
Ok we gucci
!zephan
BRO
NOT FRIED
zephan = mage confirmed
soon we will need lockposting in priest land
jk jk gj zephan
https://tenor.com/view/kiss-mwuah-baby-gif-10053867
he came bacck from his mountain journey
and said no more shit post
if you are taking away shitposting
cn you take the mages away too
remember before he left for mountains he made this channel cuberdons
and made like 8 shitposting commands
about cuberdons
!gusher
!bowiz
!mayhem
are jparses going?
jesus there is SO many
stop crying and do what zephan wants
fire vs shadow round 279 boys
!gfoty
ok now rename shitposting to tbc pve
and this channel to shitposting
and we gucci
we finna need a channel in spriest land
!lockcord
real shit what should we taco bout
bis for seed either way
gotta get it
im the best
see im gaming
hes saying if you happen to be hit capped then wear haste neck
but translucent still bis
in bis gear
right
so basically sunking neck dog
i know jk its like 1 dps worse
i feel like this happens every phase
we slightly drop the ball/missed some items and that leads to us overvaluing certain things in prev phase
is this gonna happen this phase too
are there items in ZA or new pvp items coming or something
that will eclipse some highly valued T6 pieces
are they better than translucent
like is there some items I can just get in ZG and uber low prio
this phase
the wand really
o
lol
ZG poggers
BURN IT ALL ZEPH
BURN IT
ehh seems like about everything is replaced in sunwell
shoulders + offpieces
can you make the item linking bot work while your cleaning disc up
i love item link bot
WANGS
do mages use skull in end game bis
I think they dont
right
sliver HSH
Demo is like surv hunter for caster in wotk
And yea you use meta and go melee range for immolation if able
Also soul fire procs in execute
Y
Aff lock w haunt is like top dps contender til icc
And portal
Which you use on pve to minimize movement
MGI demo in wotk
With fire spells
Wait why
Do you need ember storm
Sad
Iirc you get a ton of fire modifiers w imp out didnt seem like emberstorm was needed
Well thats forsim to decide isnt it
You play rogue firalock ill take your tricks on lock til icc ez
And then tricks to my fury after
Thats actually why demo might be nice dpnt have to cry for tricks
Yea hysteria + tricksis aids
is there a logical second prio for skull
some classes dont use skull in end game bs right
like I think Ele Mage doesnt use skull end game but boomy would
trolling or true
i mean second
yea but should it be boomy over others
if they go fire
last I heard even in end game bis fire barely outdoes arcane
flamestrike, Arcane explode spam without icy veins at a much hgiher threat
o deep fire gets dragons breath and blast wave
they hve very nice burst AOE
but aggro problem there
i dont think fire has pom generally , but they could maybe make a spec w it
typically its IV fire
pls tell me they broke that dog trinket
so I dont have to get it
I mean its rreallly fuckin easy so no
question
when do you use your cds and lust if trying to pop near the start
after weaving
on pull for doom
or what
yo I actually asked a PvE question can you please stop bantering and take it to #deleted-channel
do you use after weaving
or on pull to doom
i suppose it would just depend how many dooms you gonna get off
well you can agony
do you lust after weaving is applied or on the pull to land doom w your cds
probably after weaving i think
Im thinking you might agony on the pull, lust aand apply doom 1 gcd before 5/5 weaving
and use cds
also use sp trinket, doom THEN destro pot
trink is 20 s doom 15
destro 15*
yea possibly
its pretty easy to just math it out
im raiding atm tho
what adds more dmg 1.5 s of bolt or doom during destro
ye
thats why I said youd doom just before weaving
i do too but almost surely worth waiting for cds
unless your losing a full doom cast
right theres 2 scenarios doom free/not free
but even still
if you dont get an extra doom cast from casting so early
you just save a gcd
to lose whatever bonus dmg from trinket on doom
ok so call the doom cast "free"
is it even worth qwhen its free
so
doom is 2.0 SP ratio?

so 315 dmg on doom or lose 1.5s of a shadow bolt
310*
shadow bolt would essentially just be getting 155 dmg + chance to crit for 310 right
so doom is basically always btter for ST trinkets
not sure about destro pot
actually
yea
and for destro pot
yea
so its always better to doom
during cds
even if you can doom on the pull for "free"
well yea a bolt can resist too
doom having 2 SP ratio just means its always better right
or wait
yea
destro > doom
bro i dont even play the game WHILE raiding anymore
no
but essentiall shadow bolt is a 2.0 SP ratio only when you have 100% crit correct?
so gaining 2 crit on a bolt is still not worth over doom SP
i think?
o wait
nvm its more complicated
im raiding hve to do it later
its a full bolt having 2 crit vs 120 sp
on doom
so the potential for the crit is much higher than im saying
Heezzy
im kind of a big deal
so its 2% chance to double your shadowbolt dmg and gain 120 sp on your bolt or doom gets 120 SP
and that sounds like you shouldnt destro pot then doom
but math
i think bis is Trinket > Doom > Destro > bolts
insted of dooming on pull you could mayb cast some low mana spell to try to proc bowiz like R1 agony or something
while you walk in
this is provided your not jswapping as fire ofc
ya
IRL?
hes gone
til next tuesday
COPIUM
detected
hey guys did your copium alarm just go offf
tru
only haste
thats my playstyle
!howtofire
!jparse 2
o srry zephan
you done gamin for the week?
how was your gaming
illegal
im making a toon on grob to report you
lol
Im about to get second vestments
for SR
lmao

yea
wait do I do SR or seed set
should I use my second vestments for seed or SR set
even when haste gems in game?
if you wear cowl instead of T6 you will not have wings and that will be a dps loss because of you not feeling cool
sim doesnt account for wangs
taking weap OH means you should get SWP OH/weap before zdoom holders imo
and the hit is decent when transitioning into SWP haste gear as I understand
so its not a terrible route to go
those types of decisions backfirre if your raid team isnt solid tho
if you get new casters going into SWP you might never see weap
if you hop raid teams you might get fucked
like when
when are you able to dot w CoA, but rest of raid isnt
kek
your griefing everyone elses pad
even on carib
in fact your probably griefing your own pad
from your other dots
hi
ye
edv and I were gonna ERP
ini DMs
you were offline insta after gruul
you didnt someone saw you in town
and posted about it here
loool
anyways the only use for agony as affli is padding and not doing your role corrrectly
change my mind
no
its basically 1 min after spawn but yea if you truly doom at 0 s it will tick early
because he threat resets like 1 s after he transforms demon
ppl roll on pvp servers but dont actually want to be there
then how does a high pop- relatively balanced server like Faerlina become horde dominated
i dont know the implication
why leave a server when your literarlly farmin wbosses as ally
p sure ppl got griefed going into TK and SSC and gave up
right now?
nah tons of ppl kill wbosses
lol
ok?
i was talking about faerlina
im so confused
yea hmm
yea thats fair i guess
90% of pop isnt concerned about wboss more so just playing game and not being camped
lol
this is actually the main thing
i think
guilds like NOTA were hella griefed trying to speedurn
in TK
doesnt matter if you die and release
you get camped at GY
for TK
it happens if your a top guild streaming a speedrun
without fail
meh most of the stuff ppl did in vanilla was pussy shit not world buff wars
on private servers ppl buff together as raid and have real pvp wars , classic was soft as baby shit cant have raid wars because of lag
hiding invis on your priest toon is lowest form of pvp
and noone buffed like men they hid in their secret spots like pussies
how is this faction specific
??
kek
biggest spergs on faerlina werer ally
Crusade
Vampire Clan
yawn
yea theres retards and dads on both factions
k
loool
loool
the most low IQ take on this shit is "yea its the other faction's players fault"
for sure ppl are naturally tribal af
ppl will be toxic af if your in diff guild but nicest guy to own guildies
for no reason
when your in a dungeon w 3 guildies and a rando.....
yep
there might be something to be said about horde being a bit different in terms of their organization/in game motivations on a broad scale, but theres plenty of griefing and toxic ppl on either side
and theres examples of either faction getting pushed out
Som is shit but tbc is 100% pure amazing gaming experience right
Lmao
what how many priests and pala do you actually run
not really if you raid on tues
uh
w.e
does it reset on wed now
thought it was tues
yea ok
so you could trash farm first week only if you raid on tues
i meant tues
year first
2022/01/05
its sortable
therefore its best
yea your all fired
k thks
pls take it to banter channel
this is inappropriate
Excuse me this is tbc pve pls take catgirls to banter channel
Mods
shit dies fast af in hyjal I wont use TLC
TLC is good if your heavily aoe capped
but eh so are so many other trinkets
and those other trinkets arent dog when you press shadow bolt
hmm
mayb im underrating it tho
when I used on early tidewalkers it was like 2% of my dmg
which seems p good for trinket
youd really only want it when aoe capped
I used it on early moros when the murlocs lived long
but as we got better
shit die so fast
its just like if your only aoe capped for half the time or something
eg lurker packs the last 3 mobs
yea well hyjal was suggested
but
that shit dies super fast
id rather have a quag proc i think
well the relative value of TLC compared to quags would matter
TLC doesnt really spike sure its consistent
but crit adds dmg over cap. so does haste
like 1 more seed from any amount of haste is gonna shit on TLC on most trash packs

is that normal
coh priest being farmed
by resto druid?
yea that is not normal
also they dont use shield
at all
yea thats like all our guild's log
i feel like resto druids CAN pump if other healers dont just snipe them all the time
which in bad guilds doesnt always happen
for sure
but the priest should prolly press PWS
regardless of "assign"
20?
yikes
bad main tank is such a canyon
zd is best for warlocks.
lmao
yep and I tank illidan
so all loot = me
in all honest I totally understand that but there are exceptions and tanks like to push those
eg: Laty taking Gressil to OH it while tanking
Skull to prot pala you would never do
its not an absolute - tank gear > dps gear no matter what
obviously T6 should go to prot pala
thats fine
@jpaint prot pala TOC?
yea cause you take the loot ffrom raids instead of buying greens from AH that are better
then use that to pay off content creators SMH
y
iits good system
ppl complain but they complain about any system
I got second vestments this week
could do seed or shadow res but currently I like walking up to warlocks w ungemmed vestments on
the best argument for spriest to get loot is them not getting much loot
not their dps gain
@jpaint @Hannu bro hannu did this
in like 1 sentence
what a god
you are so noble
what are th 3 better sets
requires engi?
my spriest didnt take the vestments cause had T5
so I got second vestments
imma take baels advice
great
spriests should all spec out of engi
engi hat??
if your spriest wants loot remind him that he spends all of hyjal mind controlling
and that MC mobs dont scale w gear
100% attack speed buff
you can give to like 5 ppl
its 0 cd
its literally 100% AS for 5 ppl perma
warlock
spell is called unholy frenzy
https://youtu.be/QpvAHvCqQoo?t=1363
Heres a clip
no way that multi dotting misery is as good as this buff
@Hannu You could just drag a mob through entire instance if you were worried about losing seed dmg
watch my clip
the rogue literally doubles everyones dps
w the buff
mayb if your bad
god your like 3/3  w the bad takes this week killogic
tell us more about using curse of agony as affliction in newbie questions
and being wrong about agony cause you can pad caribdis
Shadowy Necromancer
this is the buff

why you can literally spam it

apparently it even used to stack lol
you dont have to delay waves
you can use the one from initial trash
and kill the ones in waves
if you really think that a mob that dies in 5 seconds delays the wave
but it doesnt lol
no
???
no
but I watch this video
why they kill trash in video before triggering wave then
for fun?
so you cant pull a necromancer takes 2 sec before you start wave?
yes, you can
killogic your actually retarded
i wouldnt bother w that tho too much annoying just MC the ones in the waves mob dies in 2 seconds
spriest is adding so much more dps using MC than he would multi dotting waves
yea and they die too fast anyway
ppl will MC bro
you think warriorss gonna skip 100% AS
tthey made them MC on tidewalker just to parse chase
nah
its totally 100% worth for melee to get that buff
this is just gonna be another one of my 100% accurate takes that we look back on and you all look clown af
the fact that spoar and killogic are malding
means im right
because they are ALWAYS wrong
!remindme 1 month priestmc
fair enough
I aint ashamed
ill be right about raids I never done
ez clap
that was a good one
they call me the oracle
I mean you said what trash? when theres clearly trash you can yoink  a mob from
have you ever done the raid?
Heres killogic being 2000 IQ in newbie questions btw
"please do math agony is good"
"you can pad on carib w it"
man just wanna "matter of fact" ppl
clown
guys this is pve pls do not pasta
take it to banter
MGI
haste breakpoint
haste increasing your dps past a breakpoint
"once you have the breakpoint you get 1 guaranteed cast AND a chance for more "
hmm lets see what else
lol
O wait
yo
"hunters will tank leotheras"
theres too many bad paint takes really
"i cant 99 on vash my guild does too much dmg but also not enough dmg" (misses trinket usage that would have given 99 and getts 98 instead) @jpaint
its ok double active using both is p difficult
I understand



never wrong
jpaint gave me the layup
he said he never had wrong take all of tbc
I have 10000 IQ perfect memory
of everry bad take on this discord
my brain is 10000 IQ remember these things is effortless
why dont you go talk shit about warlock mods in the shaman discord
bro the shit you talk in other discs why do you even come here
its like you hate everyone but have nothing better to do
thats not meant to shatter your ego
your just 2 faced
trying to find some approval from ppl on class disc
wherever you can
whatever you tell yourself
jpaint asked for his take history
I can only comply
track record is ~ 62.333 repeating of course % success rate on takes
priest is high tier yes
I also like hunter
bottom tier = shaman/mage
parse colored names for support class
"hmm we gain dps if we downrank our totems lets see if its raid dps gain"
they have roles for every parse color
100 would be chad yea
I got R1 arms warrior netherspite
does it count
since i have warrior role
only 100 parse role is acceptable anything else is toxic degen shit
and shamans doing that as support class is omega cringe
yea I guess one thing about 100 is its usually held by a chinese guy w 4 PI 4 Lust so consider what degen shit you might cook up
support classes, guys
hey can you post one of your anime you made about me and fire locks pls
show the class
comon show the class how clown you are
i want you to show how dedicated you were to fire locks being bbad
pls
epiloof
what bait
epiloof post your anime
excuse me this is pve pls post your anime or take it to banter
also I would like a written apology to fire locks for how incorrect you were before you post here. @Foolipe
i like how he now is super careful to specify "shit guild warlocks w only 2 warlocks in raid" where in the past he would have  made the sweeping claim about fire warlocks. Now he has to tip toe and be uber specific about whenn fire is bad lmao
how mages have fallen
@Foolipe
ok make a ffire mage
we are doing 0 shadow dmg PTR
practicing for SWP meta
im being crix personal ISB stacker if you are lock in PTR raid you need to check if its my ISB and not cast
mind control for our pets yea
we will run demonology
true
@Hannu if they use MC buff on your pet  is it now worth it
in hyjal
dam right
mages are just vendor spec next tier anyway
hmm
does having no haste gems make zhardoom better
no shot
press seed but also get AS buff from MCed mob on your pet
make sure your priest optimally weaves AS buffs on lock pet and misery on seed targets
if your priest at all enjoys himself in hyjal
you fucked up
at any time you should ask your priest how much fun he is having and the only acceptable answer is "absolutely none"
I hate baby bitches like this
like bruh I gotta curse of reck bitch 1 in 4 raids
o no you had to help the team once
noone enjoys the raids currently
you arent special because your dots dont land
I get 1 sseed cast and trash pack over
its p ruined for us too
its ruined for everyone
"woe is me, my class is more bricked than yours I swear"
yes I can
literally if you arent early casting seed, your seeds dont even land at all
3 of the warlocks' seeds dont even land
you still get dots off on the 3 big mobs in a lurker trash pack
us? our seed dps is like cut in half
its ruined for everyone now
your not special
what do you do on a lurker trash pack thats different now
you still dot up the 3 beefy mobs right
just like I still cast seed
yea its same shit as seed bro
you cast same spells, just less of them, and do less dmg
yawn
yawn
lol its like 12 seeds vs 1 seed
woe is me im a spreist my life is ruined more than yours
jesus christ get a grip
spriest clearly didnt MC cringe
that fury has full 99s
might just be a pack w death wish on CD
that got raped by aoe
just wear rocket boots tho
why you need spheres
yea compensating my wallet by not buying SR gear
prob around 40 dps
im wrong dont listen to me
haha
yea I did bad math
i mean converting to dps is a bad way to go
depends on params
buff uptimes
should just think in terms of %
if 50 SP is 2.5% of your spell power
gain should be in that ball park
but a bit less
11 pst but only room for my isb stacker shaggy
TEMPTING
i could come show you how to play live
but i have raid in 1 hr on alt
what wand do you take
if no TK
whats next best thing
srry like when does next best wand drop
other than sunwell

?
this is second to TK wand next phase?
is there a wand in ZA
or new one from badges
Yes
just click dispels
and scroll down
i didnt sign up for PTR
and 62 ppl signed
lol no way krymer is playing fire
fire=ban tho
15 DN
warlocks
nice
aalright put in your bets for top dps warlock on lockcord
im putting all my marbles on Crix shitting on all of you
because you dont know the fights
twopoundfish will be dead last, parse chaser noob
watch it
if you guys need to kick gremmer for underperforming again
then DM me
I can fill
no
thers 62
fine ill sign
basically you get fatal you rocket boots towards gremmer
ok so we need bets for who will top dps lock, botom dps lock and who will be the first one to sperg out and have a fit
krymer first to sperg out and have a fit
crix top dps lock overall
gremmer is really good at recck
if the warrior doesnt notice reck is missing
then its not missing
right

Rate my list
well
they said
1 ring per person
before someone gets 2
and yes ill try to trash farm
the issue is I have both weaps on list
I might move weapons affter I see other peoples lists
moved rings up
i mean
should I be
nethervoid seems fine
its not high on the list tho
I bumped rings up

but end of the day everyone get one ring and I farm my other ring
so
idk
hmm yea Idk Ill figure out my weapons later I might just put TOC really high
and drop z doom
why?
what changes
yep
I mean
I am also the loot council
and theres gonna be enough ppl w ZDoom number 1
nah
im not
looks like mage might get first ZD sigh
my mage is a chad tbh
he took one look at the loot
"skull is for warlocks right?"
"well theres not much else I want so Zdoom number 1 "
kinda smart
I tired to sway him towards TOC
but
hes so over hit atm
he cant see a use for hit
we have double ele god dammit
So I will be the first caster to show a list
and all the locks will copy mine
and then I might pull zddom ffrom my list and put TOC
muahahaha
well every haste item is better for us
but we arent just gonna get prio on everything
in the real world
so
yea
i mean
did they tho
they got their tier
they got
a trinket for their class
nexus key didnt prio straight to mage for us
but sure
mayb
we need warlock in group 2
yea I mean they got alot of gear but alot of it wasnt very contested...
yea you can join
yea the annoying part is us not getting much this tier
and that not being represented on the list at all
I have to slap tons of tier pieces on and lower my prio on all off pieces
but thats kinda way she goes
yea I mean we do
the list isnt absolute for us
if someone is getting looted
well spread it around
i imagine imma get over hit w this list p fast
hence belt relatively high
neck very low
yea
i think these are pretty cringe
the funnier ones are the ones mocking ppl going uber sweat
in 15 year old game
tbh
self deprecation is bis
if Ii dont see a DN in lockcord raid
thatll be a dam shame
SM SL
chaddest spec for questiing
if your gonna do SM DS might as well pick up Soul link
then you cant get pushed out cause your a chad pvper w soul link
!BIS
yo bbroski
your old pfp is better
the dude explaining to his girlfriend
at the baseball game
o my god
not enough fire spells being cast
thats why you wiped
just shutt up and weave
not enough weaving on that trash
yo why are they all bolting ryu
haha
rocket boots and 0 SR is doable
but probably not smart for weaker guilds on prog
i am beyond disappointed in the number of shadow ccringers
in lockcord ptr raid
i woke up late and have some work to do
and my guild is going later as well
@spoar this is your ffight bro
gold parser
yea evvery single warlock is retarded
not going fire
giving us a bad name
healers MUST have pet bars on
that said, one of the downsides of demonology is you taxing the healers more
dude
this raid looks so fucking easy
you guys all lost your chance to fire
by being too monka
casting shadowbolts
and seeds on 1 mobn trash pack
nah
i had to bail
dam right
you are all poser fire locks
imagine you dont pick up a full shadow full seed full fire set from the vendors
god I woulda farmed you all
THAT BBOSS WOULD BE DEAD IF YOU USED FIRE
MONKA
HOW DO YOU GET YOUR MACROS TO IMPORT ON PTR
YOU NEED TO DISABLE SOMETHING IIRC
THERES LIKE A COMMAND
yo you dont need a fucking addon to do it
why cant I hearth
my dark portal doesnt work on ptr
how do i get my HS back
she dont got shit
the fuck
then I cant hearth to shatt
org
!bis
so who topped meters in the PTR
whos the biggest chad in lock cord (of those who showed up because obviously its me)
k next
rami you were the one dude who tried to use fire spells right
while all these mongs forgot about it
dam
LMAO
nice
i think there was no scorch becaue you all pulled first boss and started casting shadowbolts
and never used incin on trash
kek
spoar was up there I saw
I like stabile more after hearing accent
I could have stabile yell at me all day
yea but you could
and id be okay w it
i had some shit to do
i woke up and yall were starting also
im about to start
any tips

who was number 1 overall
really the mage?
did you guys actually get fucing farmed by a mage
i was so mad seeing all those bolts going off
you all brought great shame
how do i learn incubus on ptr
is it not there
wtf
imi at trainer
bullshit
what if you got double lust and are able to icon 2x during lusts
yea
then thats bis for icon
yea
yo
its not cheating to get gems on ptr
imagine you too lazy to prepare
and just show up copy your nub ass toon
then call others cheaters
sheeesh
seed set boys

I saw crix swap his seed set and dumpster all of you on a pull actually
yea
mayhem couldnt even beat no boweave andies on Lucifron
mayb im really busy this week sadly
and my guild wanna do
lol its ptr you can literally buy 1her from vendor
Why
well why didnt they get access to a trinket yet
Tsunami is really good for them
why no give tsunami
ppl are using the fact that you guys didnt cast fire spells against me in arguments now
gg
your banned
Bullying xelrogs healing
and Alexs
crix wasnt having it
you have to actually be good at the game to keep imp alive
hmm
fluke
even the dumbest squirrel sometimes finds a nut
man you really need atttn hey
thank god
you have 90 minutes to sway him w ffeet pics
for that trade
well its not that ppl are going to "focus things" so much as the way some classes do dmg is to a select few targets
like a warior cleaving
is gonna cause some mobs to die early
i feel like the true based take is it depends on your raid's dmg profile
and its not so black or white
a melee heavy stack is not going to have the same AOE cap situation for the hyjal waves as a warlock stack
or a standard comp
why
explain why
Also that ^
huh
clouds are white but also sometimes grey
srry I thought we were just throwing random facts out
as a warrior you think im tabbing to another mob instead of smashing that execute button
then I get a victory rush proc
to do more dmg
LOL
man so you have no arguments, you take a shot at me
which isnt even really a shot at me
its at my guilds last tier progression
kekw
melee should be tabbing around he says
rogues have combo points
yea I mean Ill be seeing how both perform and make the call for my raid
some packs are like 12 ghouls they will die more evenly than mixed packs
thats fair
but you raid w a buncha dogs dont you
the guy you compare to probably didnt sac a succy
and has some scuffed ass seed set
jpaint - Lurker Trash -  ANY %

skylioc higher avg hit
is he oblivion
you have more crit but less dmg per cast no?
you get more than 3-4% more crit?
from your gear
difference?
[oblivion trousers]
too bad this bot doesnt work
like it does
in every other discord
both sets would use them tho
oblivion set fully gemmed crit as well
Id check another raid for your seeds
but this is only one for Jpaint - Faerlina
what a noob

hmm
conclusion
kento just built difff
crits more than jpaint always
TLC is a really good trinket
I swear
except when i compare to jpaint
that is 100% true skill gap
yo but how long did the number 1 warlock prog on vashj
nice
i run same but also swap sextant in when my quags is icd
no TLC?
batllemasters alacrity?
whats that cost btw
sheeesh
LOL
thats sort of what we were just talkin about
dw jpaint I got this I know your too old and burdened to actually be of any service
Oblivion set should be worth when not aoe capped.

Jpaint is an old man and never farmed the set so he thinks his grandpa crit set is better.
his grandpa crit set may be better or good enough but hes too lazy to prove it
thats all
ive never cast seed in my life
cmon give some stars not whatever that is
yea there is crix video
but basically aoe spells have low Spellpower coeffs, so 190 dmg on seed is like 893 spell power effectively
however there is an aoe cap
and oblivion will not help you if capped
only way to push past cap is haste or crit.
so you COULD make a crit or haste heavy set instead of oblivion
but conventional wisdom is that oblivion w crit gems is a strong seed set
just dont use when aoe capped alot
ppl here also shill swapping it on ffor ST
and back off
if you bowweave
yes
@kento
too bad hes not here if he did all the things jpaint slackin on
battlemaster trinket
he could win
one day we will cast that spell
and TBC will be over
and then jpaint and I can finally be together
night â¤ï¸
not enough cunt
we need a multiboxer w 5 ashes
flying around
crit raises ISB
so if you sim crit setup have to raise ISB
ppl are notoriously lazy gemming w bis setup
lol at one point on that curve its less than 0.2 dps per haste
sheesh
Well comparing to DPS is better for cross class discussions
they do have onne for SP
anyone have link to jpaint sim or other ISB uptime sim
I went to the simulations page
clicked link there
it didnt work
i click run and nothing happen
classic jpaint tech
30 int on MH is pretty sus
imo
how much honor is neck
AND 10 EOTS
im reading
do we go for new bracers next phase from pvp as well
or is just trinket / neck
its 1 dps on ST ok
yea i dont have alar but meh on bracers
i heard you seed the bat
rami told me
So if i gotta solo farm 40k honor
what do I do
just queu all BGs and do thhe Q turn ins?
ye

yawn
we  lost
lol
!seedfixed
!hastenecked
tfw
lol yay I can stop farming honor
I dont think anyone really gives 2 shit about these trinkets
and neck
now we just dont have to farm 40k honor for seed set min maxing
ye
I ssed that possting in priest disc

ok
how much for bracers
foolipe trolling so weak
epiloof isnt gonna look at your proof
hes just low effort trollin
0.75 wasnt intended
kekw thiccy cope
nah we good
!skull
mages are literally just wrong copers about everything in this game
wrong abuot fire lock
wrong about skull prio
wrong about gcd
gg
imagine listening to a mage about anything
rude
and no your just a mage
mods are all mages
mages just malding cause they were wrong
they arent tho kekw this is mage best phase
and they barely win
ggg
kekw mages mad cause wrong
imagine getting farmed by me in argument
so much dope
cope
me 8/10
rolling mages
about their own class
look at us
https://tenor.com/view/who-wouldve-thought-not-me-look-at-us-paul-rudd-hot-ones-gif-16080041
@Foolipe
your so farmed lol
when warlocks have T6 your farmed
every fight
gg
is your plan swap to your warlock alt
30% btw
mage cope best cope
!remindme 1 month Foolipe Farmed
nope
no ptr
o you will still pump on hyjal trash but youll be farmed on bosses
not just akama
one word shaggy
remindme
not remind me
mods so incompetent cant even kresh smh
its ok your a good mod
!shaggy
good mod
i played warlock in classic
I play both my toons from vanilla still
kekw
he took my posts out of context lmao
cause he was mad he lost argument
i mean he did lmao
your seething lmao
ye months before tbc release I didnt think warriors were gonna be good early on
lmao your so mad
i can admit I was wrong
can you
post your animes you made about me
saying fire was never gonna be used in speedruns
you so horny bruh
top speedrun
lmao
COPE
your so mad bro
just say "yea I was wrong"
its ok
noone cars
theres nothing wrong w that
foolipe you got farmed so hard and your so mad â¤ï¸
take it to banter its pve channel
there was some amazing cringe egirl drama in classic
the girls are actually as bad as the guys thirsty fuckin bitches
at least wow egirls
i dont think anyone thought that
yea but alot of these girls live for it
they  all about 5 wow dudes fighting over them
and stirring the shit pot
o for sure
but theres a good amount of wild egirls out there
we have plenty of girls in our guild
but theres been a good bit of drama
one of them has a full body VR suit
and does lap dances
are you in the leadership of either of those guilds
heh yea ofc theres girl gamers just gamin
what take
what take do you tihnk I have
I have girls in my guild
your so fucking retarded lol
theres alot of thirsty girls playing wow
its true
I didnt make any generalizations about women
dont fuckin try to paint me w that brush
so cringe
wait why
so you can still trash farm as raid
just not solo them
yo how was threat when you did lockcord PTR
you had a druid w no sunders and no enhance right
ppl said druids need that stuff for threat
@Stabile I thought you said druids need enhance for threat but you holding w not even sunders
in lockcord ptr
thats insane
o he did
I didnt see enh dmg on logs
did he leave half way thru
i think I looked at one boss
idk theres gamers that own w shadowfury in arenas
Cata
Whats even more shit value is emberstirm for immolate threat on pull and searing pain finisher
Cata is just a talent that was historically overrated but at this point its kinda underrated
The real argument for inmolate is siruational value on trash
Where mana not big concern
Is it tho
"Catacringers out" > links cata spec
Ayyy
Why is it shit for mother? Cause youd take nether prot?
But I tank illidan
So I cant right
Why immo on mother specifically
Yea in that case just go emberstorm imo
Theres value for immo on trash
Catabolt specs seemed good for ssc tk prenerf boss killing tho
Not impossible if you have alot of shadow power gear
Like ritssyns nethervoid etc
Noone said that
Well ofc you change rotation
Lmao
huh
noone knows what that means.... but its provocative
gets the people going
i think doxxious thinks that a sim shows a local maxima and that we were trying to prove something
but who knows
im making tomato soup and grilled cheese w fig spread and jalapeno pog
yea mages should take cata too tbh
...
lol
its that you cast more bolts
and get more crits
you guys are both braindead
@rickyv5 @TwinIcingDeath
because of this
immo can be worth casting even if your aiming to get a good parse?
I get 99 while casting immolate so
huh
not if your wearing shadow power gear lmao
theres a point
where its not worth casting immo\
TLDR buncha ppl tryna speak in absolutes
when its all situational
this is why haste is bis for us , we take pride in our easy rotation it makes every gear better for us
meanwhile blow cant even play his class

how you gonna ask for haste blow
when you go to lockcord raid w haste and fail

33 dps lost from clipping
thats all the dps you gain from haste in whole phase
GG

0
seems to me you do less dps with haste
objective ffact
yea tru
i dont even know what any of that shit means but 33 lost dps sounds like haste bad
so why you do it
but like you just wait for dot to go away and press again right
how do you end up clipping it over and over
ok
sorry
im arms warrior I have to do it for arms too
im just reroll remember
i think we should make a spriest rotation minigame like the teron gorefiend minigame and you can change the haste values
and if your spriest cant do good on game
no haste for them
yea it kinda does lol
thatd be fun to practice rotations on
you dont like my idea?
sheeesh
the spriest in my raid hasnt put wishlist in yet
only spriest in arms raid
so I actually dont care
yet
no
reading is hard
but no

I just like giving @Blow shit
should I have done in spriest disc instead
then theyd all see
your clips
thats all ppl got on me
https://tenor.com/view/dance-dance-moves-touch-this-gif-17253733
eh thats the straight forward logic
but
immo has value on trash
that isnt represtented in your analysis
if immo has strong value on mother and has value on trash
its not so simple
also boss fights look kinda short
well nether prot isnt an option for me as I tank illidan
but id say it does ahve decent value
i mean
it does something
whether thats worth
is another thing
yea
seariong pain tanking
nether prot procs offf first tick of fatal attraction so it COULD save you but ultimately unreliable so your still gonna use same shit you always do, and as always just get better healers and nether prot is dead
noone gets full debufffs on cap
like noone
lol
youd still do better smashing thala that has more debuffs just dont have to move
wait what
he picks lazy as fuck and he gets haste?
realistically even if hes a perfect S tier spriest he gets zhardoom so he doesnt quit the game not because its good for spriest
lol
if you actually wanted min max raid dps youd never give to spriest
but most ppl dont do loot like that
yea
as long as raid doesnt kite thala a way
but you still lost dps picking up cap initially
do you play perfectly without haste
if I look up your logs
will I see god tier 0 clips and shit
exactly
yea because healer gear is useless
you already killed raid
unless your cutting a healer w that gear
whats the point
its only getting easier to kill raid from there
One of our warlocks put the cloak number 1 on wishlist
Now I have to deal w that shit
Yea that cloak is bis game for them I heard
@Severe if that mob dies the bolt is just lost right
from your post in research
!SKULL
bruh how am I supposed to slam w that
fuckin game ruined I need a talon
kebab life
actually glaives will suffice
yea one MC can buff a whole melee group
im sure them spriests already are up in Khiras grill about it
upset that they can be useful in hyjal
man
it would be p bad if ppl stopped giving weaving on bosses to MC
make your holy priest do it
I think alot of guilds will
its free real estate
it doesnt require timing out the wave
you can pull one before you even pull a wave
they just chillin
ye
theres trash just chillin around
y
theres packs of just like 3 necros
you could do it in a myriad of ways
like 3 s or something
its not 0 but its small
yes
in prenerf, it actually stacked
you could fucking stack it
but they tested on PTR
it dont stack
if it stacked hyjal meta would unironically be warriors and priest I swear
yea
aids
and 2h arms will never parse again
DW arms will be only way
thats right
yea its gonna be more common than you think
you think ANY melee that is self respecting is gonna not fiend for that buff 24/7
ok hannu
what the hell
lmao
@spoar can you link your teron minigame perfect VOD
they banned me because I found out that glaive OH is a downgrade to pvp OH and Blade of Savagery
Fight Club just salty about loot
so if you get OH first, and give fury it literally sits in their bags
until MH
thats not any solid reason NOT to give to fury tbh
but that greatly angered them
the mod just hates SOM
and takes shots at it whenever he can
Should I make a spell pen set lmao
I have second hit cloak and I could gem my second vestments with pen gems LOL
enchant cloak w pen
Hi this is spoar and this is going to to be Teron Gorefiend Minigame Any % speedrun done quick
Id like to give a shout out to TLC its a very strong trinket in the right conditions
thats true
but I wasnt TOO autist - we weere talking about it and skarp just got really mad
spammed a crying baby video 20 times to stop the discussion
it was more the mods were pretty annoyed w me for calling them out on their bullshit a number of times
but realistically it was still their loot rage that tipped the iceberg
its a slight loss on ST
significant loss on cleave
compared to pvp weapon
infamy its about equal on ST
still decent loss on cleave
I think most ppl knew it wasnt huge but still thought it was like , an upgrade
like it is for rogue
but its really irrelevant
your not looting OH to someone based on the minor upgrade of the item
its about the combo
Fight Club just gets very threatened when you question their narrative
This should say "Your raid leader laughs". The constructs run around killing noone because its a dogshit easy game. You kill the boss effortlessly in under 2 minutes. "Why do we even play?"
lmao
they probably will
but honestly who cares
my MLG teron gorefiend meme boss parse
how will I ever feel truly fulfilled if I dont have a 99 for hucking shadowbolts at boss
at least theres some degree of skill involved in pressing spriest buttons
still if you need some meme boss to be changed so you can get a pink number and feel good about yourself you probably live a very sad existence
what you mean like some dad who plays game for fun and has to tend to his kid mid raid
thats weirder to you
than a grown man crying about a pink number on a meaningless website
asking for changes to said website to accomodate his fragile ego
I think you are in TOO deep bruh
come up for air
caring about your in game performance is fine
being upset that some meme boss is a meme to parse is pretty cringe
in game?
you lose?
Ill DM you tips
its probably his seed set
and sapper usage
like what Im banned
it should be good for warriors that its undertuned
they might farm warlocks since they get nice uptimes on CDs
I could see warrior stack taking BT speedrun
if you want the game to be difficult dont join a guild full of pale NEETs that min max the shit out of it
its just never going to be "hard" if your in a try hard guild
they could double the HP on bosses
wouldnt do shit
adding dps checks that would be difficult for a sweat guild would make it utterly impossible for dads
dps checks will never be hard for a sweat guild
hard modes would be neat
but w.e
yea exactly
theres such a huge gap between a try hard guild's DPS and the average players
wait so you meme my guild for not clearing very quick
but you just quit your guild to find one that did
lmao
whats more cringe taking 2 hours to down mag or spending 2 hours intentionally wiping on mag to get a parse tho
pasta is for Banter channel
Just search @tted
My new greatest fear is Mind Control in hyjal means no weaving uptime
my man
game only gives vestments to the best warlocks
thats why I have 2
yea they literally passed poggers
ele sham was like I really want T6 and its a 3 dps upgrade on sim
spriest had T5 set
they were kinda frothing until push came to shove
and its like okay spend 500 g for 3 dps
anyways I wasnt complaining
the question now is do I do void spheres, some sort of seed set meme, or pen gems for mother w second vests
not mother, council*
tfw I dont know if im being trolled
smh not siphoning as affli
wrong
theres worse gems
I  had lock in raid 2 that had the fucking 12 stam gem
Fang dropped, and the man linked the Blade of Horrid Dreams from Slabs normal
I was like
Stormcaller?!
in second raid yea
idk a while ago hes quit since then
he actually did it
and then next week got fang
was kinda perfect love story
nah
second raid Im on arms
yea it owns
draggin along the ground like my P*nis
yea thats  actually why I say such dumb shit sometimes
Shaggy shows up I get a boner and its just GG
did it wipe you
lol
nice game
ok i got some screens of my old guildy

no enchant
actually
just enchants galore missing
tru
he also likes to smack me while hes spawning and still not visible
if im on warrior and stand near where he will spawn
he just give me a tap
before I can see him
the shadow at the end of leo
do you guys even try

fixed
dont @ me

yea spell pen gem
How does this look for illidan tank

enchants were a bit hasty
I have Saph
prolly just use a scryers one on this tho
your cringe
i physically cringed
reading that
take it to banter loser
this is pve discussio
lol you seem mad
or perhaps jelly of my vestments
the thing is I dont have great legs to wear
You think that makes a better setup tho? ill try it out
they are my main bracers atm
yea true
Okay so we want 13 hit and what like 250 res for week 1 (aka 6 for my guild of full chads)
yea I could do that
the legs seem so good
I mean I could get greens but it doesnt seem that good to
I can get like 2 or 3 pces out of hyjal and void spheres
think its not coming out homie
haste nck removed on PTR
then I would have to log in
I could probably get WB loot if I logged in
anyone have their own illidan set I can compare to?
post em
the OH is a meme right
well you see sir I have vestments
and no saph
because reroll chad
interesting tho
how much SR on them legs
why not just ask guild to make you legs too?
okay cool
i also dont have a Tear
peeposad
I feel like gloves of the corruptor is a mistake
and you could do gloves w gem slots
but mayb thats just what you have
My issue is I got my spellstrike and boots all setup for seed set
so I dont really wanna regem those
ye figures just baiting you to tell me why they are good
yea true
fuck bro your list is so fucking different than mine
Ill sketch something up that hits 270
and see how it compares
you right
I cringed at myself
Im just not sure its bis
ill make anotehr spellstrike
if I gotta
well I could just go legs though
this feels like a good piece to me

SS legs lose so much stam
True but:
the idiots are my guildies
that will need these last minute
we gucci tho
no gemslots
well 1 slot
trash
+7 res on shoulders seems trash value
I have no problem buying greens they just seem shit
do they
seem like better value than greens

37 sres to lose

all this
im making illidan set atm so going a bit higher on resist
and trying to maintain hit cap
anyways void spheres are better value than greens
my guild plans to give cloaks to a buncha ppl for mother
so getting the HODs I want might be a bit sus
but then again 6 week prog right
TRUE
Think we rolling w this

o
I dunno
can I
thats toxic
how long does honored take
ok I see 2 inch says we can do it
NO
lmao
foretelling is bis seed
and no blasting is wild
Cant you just buy boots of blasting pattern
god your a slacker
i told you guys
warlock mains are lazy af
warlock rerolls
full chad
shoulda came faerlina I coulda hooked you up
we sold like 8 patterns

i like this
but yea you could do girdle
its just what pants you gonna wear
spellstrike no stam
T5 i gem slot
1*
so you can do astromancer and spheres
but id rather have the hit on cord
it costs more HODs
s
so yea if your assumption is 4 HODs sure
173 is p easy im tryna hit 260+ for illidan
this is what I settled on if anyone else makes a set at the 260-270 range id like to compare

o fuck the girdle is 54 Sres I thought it was 40
I still like this setup better
well its reasonable to assume 1 piece mayb
so you get 40 there
40 neck
you can get there p easy w spheres or perhaps 1 green makes it cheaper
well im short like 4 rating
If you can fix it tho by all means
that requires brain
gratz
win+shift+s
if you are windows 10
that opens snipping tool and automatically copies it to clipboard
its hard bis
dam bro
thats p smart
i just bought a buncha voids
and this guy comes in
and blows my mind
classic mages being wrong
yo KELMAN
tbf this was before gcd fix
nice
where is 20 SR to head from
LC honroed
Kelman doesnt get lust
top mage
noone actually knows
but he writes for wowhead
lol
i think its odaal
its a bis guide
bis race is orc
I - Imma let you have that
we need a final solution for the mages
yo arcane anus bis list was chad af
p1
brooch (from SLABS)
mags eye
i think kelman is someone warlocks pissed off long ago
or odaal
odaal simultaneously fucking other casters while deluding mages so they do worse
meh
why
they are not that big
o ok
is there a DN guide coming
and why is boweaving not mentioned
or jswapping
should be a credit to mayhem
she said you only run 10 iterations when you sim
you should TC a way to get longer fight durations, better uptime
zephan you should overthrow kelman sell him out
and then make the mage guide
and put TOC on it
and collect 2 paychecks
what you think
o baby
idk if you missed it but someone suggested to take 20 SR to head enchant instead of 22 SP 15 hit and then gem 5 SP/HIT instead of void spheres its just better and cheaper
you get 5 more hit 3 more SP
and then mayb can cut saphs or something
Does anyone know if being troll affects mage bis
how so
ok i know that
I cant im banned gg
can you send it to me
okay I mean I saw this but its weird
this doesnt sim the combinations id wanna sim
@gremmerðŸ¢ I found this
https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1RVUhrf47O1x6xXvK_qFtpilaB7NHkNmZutzwdsHbGRM/edit#gid=0
And imported the configs to mage sim
I forgot my mage is UID
UD
and we have ele sham
UD
surprisingly
even with ele shaman
the TOC setup is still 15 dps off
the zdoom one
because mages are just over hit not matter what
I thought that since our mage had ele shaman, TOC setup would be even worse for him @Louki
But its not, they are just over hit either way
no they are over hit even with no skull, no ele shaman, zhardoom setup

Ok Hannu
o i see
yea thats first time I opened that screen
those are hit gems
interesting
T6 legs have even more hit
I was messing w channeled elements to see the diff

ok thats counting totem of wrath
I imported Arcane Anus's list for UD
bruh thats arcane anus setup
so yea mages cant sim own class
true
idk how to setup innervate timings and shit fuckin headache just wanted a baseline
yea
I actually didnt initially have hit gems
I swapped to channeled elements to see the diff
and it auto equipped those gems
the way the mage sim is there is just like gems automatically socketed into slots
probably relics of his old sims that I imported
but god dam the gap between TOC and Zdoom is small if resto sham
mages taking zdoom with a resto sham actually shameless
yea but even less on my 3 min sim here
10 dp
dps
also adding 1 innervate is 230 dps
my resto druid that doesnt vate mage should be banned
do one about jpaint
it doesnt have to be propaganda
yea veins + ashtongue w no lust is kinda close but you can prob still MQG
((1.5  ) / 1.2 -1)  * 1577  = rating to cap in veins
394 rating
you get 145 from ashtongue
you still have room to MQG probs
wow MQG is 330 rating
insane
yea you go overcap
w just veins and ashtongue trinket and MQG
0
wat
!skull
mage cant even use it
warlock only
yea
its about as trash for a mage as it is for a spreist
well
my mage gets ele sham
its slightly less trash in this case
cock nerf might come
id be happy for a cock nerf
shits kinda aids
yea
bruh you barely even use MQG tho
only on AOE when veins is down
yea not next phase tho
yea you overcap insanely w veins
its only when you dont have veins
yes
thats fine
but another 330 will overcap you with IV
so its not a huge deal for pve next phase
yes
thats exactly what I just said
its for aoe without veins
yea its cringe
i agree
cringe tbh
who cares how other ppl enjoy the game
theres plenty of pvp aspect to the game
and ppl that enjoy solely pvp
thats pretty obviously not true
its ok paint
your a pve andy
you only care about pve
thats fine
lol
show me the quote
because it is bullshit
mayb like on release vanilla design shit
but they made arena and pvp seasons and all that because ppl enjoy pvp. They balanced around pvp plenty lmao
VOA is a clear example in WOTK of PVP affecting the PvE
you need to win a pvp encounter to do a raid
for pve bis
lmao
yea lmao theres TONS of ppl that exclusively pvp
full clown shit to pretend otherwise
and full clown shit to even give a shit how other ppl enjoy themselves in their spare time
yea sure
nice comparison
your logic is very strong
kekw
chess is the pinnacle of pvp and if you play anything else your an idiot
POST CAM
SO WE KNOW YOU ARENT A FATASS
and can trust your advice
i fuckin muck peanut butter off the spoon
butter spoon
im canadian
what the fuck is spoar so I can make fun of his eating habits
euro?
hes talking to me
lol
im underweight if anything tbh
im 180 lbs of cock
same actually
i ont know shit about dutch food

disgusting

the fuck
yo pea soup is dece
but top 10 dutch food
thats a yikes

leave it to the dutch to pretend apple pie is special
this actualy looks good
probably comparable to a peanut butter spoon
when im drinkin.

imagine sate sauce
is one of 10 dutch foods
its just stew
yea its been around forever because fucking cave men ate it
now thats some shit
fuckin delicious
1. Jpaints pussy
it says what yuod expect
burger
hot dog
cheesecake
mac n cheese
lliterally just a buncha food that was invented elsewhere
americans have no culture
https://food.ndtv.com/food-drinks/10-american-foods-777850

this is the most american thing tbh
unique to them
and it owns
loool
canada we at least got poutine
and maple syrup
id wager that more ppl in the USA currently believe that than any other country
I bet its more than china
this aint no per capita bullshit
this is dumb americans
lets be honest
lol
there are countries with objectively dumber populations
and worse education systems
thats fine
jpaint is anti vax watch out
might catch a ban
ARE YOU NOT
am i wrong
pls say yes
i forget what he said once but he sure sounded like he was anti vax so I left discord so that I could continue to love paint
alright take it to banter the point of this convo was for jpaint to face cam
im ready to die ~~trying~~
needs to be refined

yea debatable
on one hand
infinity is basically free after spriest
on other hand
noose is very contested
the rings we said its gonna be 1 per person first anyway
and imma try to farm em
but yea id put them higher elsewise
you tell em kelman
@spoar
dont defecate on zephan's guide
hard to decide if prism is worth. I like it gives you a bit of piece of mind feel safer but you can def still rip w it. I dont use it much anymore
it really does fetish is disgusting
debatable on both accounts
its like 2% dmg on seed cap but its p bad for short duration seed
I feel like seed threat issues can manifest in a number of ways.

Some times its early seed on the pull, sometimes you might rip because pala screwed up and one mob off consecrate. Sometimes  I legitmately pull late into the pull. Prism would help in the third case.  It  just makes me feel a bit safer, but its value is defintely weaker than fetish.....
in before 
" your tank just sucks"
yea well see when stuff like this happens, I am happy I am at least wearing prism
yea exactly, I mean extra dmg on my seed from like second trinket just increases chance of threat issue, and I would rather calm it down and make it smooth.
Murlocs die in 2 seeds max I dont think seed trinkets are good any more on moro
I just focus on yoinking sapper
Gremmer is a very good warlock in a very good guild that  didnt consider trinketing before doom or really anything except pressing 2 buttons at the boss but he's a very good warlock trust me
Ah he knows im just busting his balls whats the point of mute if they arent seething a bit reading the channel
But fine
I had a really good followup too
Free ken
I cant live without hearing kens fire lock cope tbh
He said it was so bad and dog for speedrun
Pls let him innn
Rip
The private sheets that said fire lock bad must have been bugged
Agreed
Why would you want ribbon to be a thing
Thats the most cringe thing if you wanna hipster min max go get strat buff and the cracked orb thing from belf zone
Chicken is 5% stacking  as for your whole party reliably for 4 minutes. Ribbon is unreliably pissing shards away hoping for a proc then screeching to pull the boss for an invisible dps gain.
Fight for dragonling
Not ribbon
But chicken should be nerfed
Just they arent really very similar
180 seconds is only fight len dont you know
I just think ribbon is more degenerate gameplay than chicken
For no actual gain
I want it removed so I dont have to rely on other slackers to squawk
I kinda like the item/mechanic tbh
I play  warr 1 raid
Lock another
And if you dont squawk lock
Your shit
Kekw
Mqg was only for trash aoe when veins on cd
Next phase yes
When you have ashtongue
You will overcap heavily in veins
Youd only use when veins on cd
So sure if you think that missing a no veins aoe trinket means you need skull more
But realistically skull alrdy eclipses that use case
Well my logic is you alrdy wanted skull for veins and non veins aoe aoe so now you lost mqg for non veins aoe and that makes skull the tiniest bit better but doesnt change your logical prio position for skull
Which would be after lock
And perhaps after boomy as well
Depends how heavily you weight aoe dps
Yes you always could but ashtongue iv mqg  is alot of overcappong haste next phase. I really doubt thats your trinket of choice for aoe w veins up
Yep
You snap veins tho once and it takes 30 s to swap on mqg
I mean theres a niche but it's p small man
Imo its karma for foolipe comong in here acting cringe since we lost haste neck
takes 5 minutes to drink to full
so cant cast on trash before boss
not anymore right
your gonna ovrcap w veins + lust
you gotta space em?
once you have haste gear I mean
okay
you know what I mean tho right
drums would also just overcap you right now right
(1.5 / (1.3*1.2) -1)  * 1577 = (rating to cap in lust+iv)
your overcapped
with JUST IV + Lust
literally
already a problem
in this phase
your literally pissing drums away if you IV+Lust+drums
your still overcapping
with veins
your wasting rughly 60 haste rating equiv
the second you pop veins during lust
I think juju is suggesting that this is perhaps still worth
since the overcap is minor
and then youll ask your shaman in party to not drums till after lust and grief himself
o hes a resto
w.e
grief any caster in your group thats not a mage
yea I mean I dont got no optimal raid comp
yea
but yea almost surely next phase with ashtongue you will need to veins outside of lust
or just give up your lust tbh
since we are talking about optimal
idk about mana
he vates himself he should be fine right
why doesnt he self vate
nice
well
sounds like
hes gon be fine
one way or another
TOC vs ZDoom gap on ST is simialr to other classes
on AOE it is a good bit better than other classes
Mage TOC gap is small af
on ST
but comparable to lock on AOE
thing is as I just noted, your overcapped with just veins + lust as mage. So zdoom literally does nothing there. They are forced to space out CDs which loses value for them
i duno well see
I feel like noone in my raid is even gonna link for OH
then what?
Blow
thats like saying that if you get Hammer of judgement
no ZD for you
tbh
niether is the OH
lol wut
explain your logic
how does warlock have 2 bis
and you only have  1 bis as spriest
its the same shit bro
4th bis to what
pvp items?
raid might give TOC to prot pala first
even if you have OH
what if  I get tier, and OH, and then some unlooted warlock links for TOC
this is why I am loot council
because I realise these situations
hammer of judgement is same shit man
its 20 dps less than bis
for either class to get them
if that takes me off ZD
that takes you off ZD
fax
what
why
explain what your saying
because its senseless.
they arent bis together
why do you keep saying TOC is bis
its the same dps loss ST as hammer
and bigger dps loss for aoe
you can use maces
and daggers
???
sucks to suck?
my bis doesnt change because "not all casters can get ZD"
some actually 100% will
no you are being retarded lmao
your saying TOC is bis?
like actually genuinely braindead
no thats not what I said
I dont think its a bad thing
but its not bis
now your conflating OH with TOC
and still pretending its bis
I am so confused why you are calling TOC bis
and not hammer or dagger
what is spriest bis if they dont get ZD
okay so if you get s4 pvp weapon no zdoom
same for dagger
we equivalent now?
aight cool
so imma give my spriest dagger
gg
all spriests
lmao
now, why do you think eles would be treated diff than spriest
or the boomy
what makes spriest special
genuine question
that doesnt seem like it answers my question
that seems like your talking about some shit in your raid
what if your eles refuse to take dagger too tho
bc they have mace
by your own logic, Guild will force someone to take it right?
okay so you are just talking about your personal raid loot situation w dumb eles getting jebaited by dagger
gotcha
catcha yea later
Im not mad about TOC
Im confused by the words you are speaking
because they genuinely make 0 sense
calling OH bis?
no see your just trying to troll ppl
and mask it as genuine statement
thats why you have rounded back to "your just bad about TOC coper" three times in this convo
you are so deep into this you dont even realise your trolling anymore
lol
its just a default response
trigger response
this is true
this is you trying to bait/troll
very poorly
Im not mad
Im saying OH isnt bis
I am always fascinated by your logic
the mental gymnastics
I think its p clear who is the most obsessed prio person in this discord.
realistic bis for spriest is dagger
gg
sure
use realistic bis
its same gap on ST dps dagger to zhardoom
as TOC to zhardoom
yea you dont even need to get OH thats the funny part
thats how close the 2 MH are for you
for us we need OH and MH to have the same gap in dps between your dagger and ZD
and ZD aoe trumps any gain you will get
yea see once again you try to trigger me
Im calm this whole discussion
You are the mad one.
are spriest not also getting 4 set tier
o wait they are
I doubt youll see any good guild give it to spriest tbh. 

You are giving it to spriest so he doesnt cry and quit the game, if anything
there is
the gap between TOC and ZDoom is larger for lock than mage
yes
Not for long I think
mages have mana and cds, when mana and CDs are up they beat locks
when they arent
they lose
yea I was oracle back then too
I remember saying hunters are overrated as fuck
and this whole disc simping hunters saying im retarded
by end of the phase lock #1 on mag not hunter as I predicted
T5, hunters dead class as I predicted
I think the gap will close when warlocks have their pieces but well see . Mages still strong tbh
And the big problem is these bosses melt
which buffs mage
No.
I always said mage would top P2
I said that the gap between arcfrost and arcfire is OVERESTIMATED when you only run 3 minute sims
and pretend that everything is a 3 minute fight
which is 100% true
try again next time Blow
no shot it happens
with our current schedule
and no ptr
nah
we gonna raid 3 hrs thurs and thats it first week
and 0 PTR
yea but see I took 6 weeks to kill Vashj and have 2 vestments
so
it doesnt matter
when your a chad like me
idk I think if your guild does their whole prog on PTR you kinda waive your shit talking card for "1st week clear"
post your illidan tanking sets and @ me pls
remember 20 SR to head > 5 SP/Hit Gems
https://tenor.com/view/johnny-english-rowan-atkinson-mr-bean-english-comedians-yawning-gif-17834150
recruiting is insanely easy but I have a guild of friends thats been together since day 1 peepocozy
I could leave my guild to join a week 1 clear would that mean im better at the game
would I tho
or would blow still be talking about my SSC prog
in WOTK
kekw
haha
no I defs toned down the autist a bit
it got kinda bad
pelican is from one of them pale guilds
I understand
if I was in that guild
and didnt week 1 clear
I would also rope
fair
I mean they arent really that noob
we get competitive kill times once things are on farm
we just dont sweat that hard
all old pserver friends
some w limited time these days to go hard
how long did it take your guild to clear both raids on PTR blow
post logs
yea I mean thats how I feel about it
I tihnk the parse obsessed support class who posts every day about item prios and leaves guild to clear content faster is the weird one tbh
like if you play this game for the comp aspect its weird to me, there are much better competitive experiences in gaming
its social game for sure
what other game are you thinkin
yea that^
I feel like the entire reason ppl like classic and hate retail is the social aspect that slowly eroded over time
or they are boomers that cant do well in comp games anymore so they get a kick out of pink numbers in easy classic wow
thats like the whole topic of the madseasons video
how wow was social game
and blizz failed to realise
and destroyed all social constructs
and ruined the game
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BazitK-ZgDk
plenty of ppl still play classic in casual/social environment
just the pale zoomers dont know how to interact like humans and reject social aspect
eg kramer
social aspect is more relevant early on in expac, when you help each other run your dungeons for prebis and stuff
now yea p raid loggy unless you pvp
dungeon grinding for levels w 4 friends was a blast
we raced the other groups
we like doing some amazing race shit
spent the prepatch gearing prot pala tanks
just fun
Skull prio then
If you holy nova your giving 0 mana and no debuffs right
That's just a remove from raid
tbh holy nova sounds pog
if that replaces MC thats chill
ppl still gonna be degens for MC on bosses tho
Bael likes holy nova, we like bael, so we like holy nova
y
what do you lose to get holy nova
shouldnt you alrdy be running it then
kinda doubting it outweighs MC
like MC on 5 melee is adding at least 5k DPS if not more
oof
mc THEN nova
bis
im aiming 260 and 10k ish HP unbuff
for illidan
just based on rando shit I saw here
yea
its not for the 200 g
its for making the shamans day
good karma
skull will drop for you
o srry idk why thats  a reply
healer should do nova too, both hit like 2-3 ppl w MC buff before the pull
sounds ideal
the based response is it depends on the crit of the locks you are adding
if you add 2 low crit locks
then yes it can go down
but generally speaking you consider the average crit rate of the warlocks
and adding more locks will increase ISB
if average crit doesnt change then increasing locks increases ISB
because 1 crit from each lock consumes 1 but adds 5
improved curse of agony is a good talent for affliction right
Did you sim only red gems/ haste gems and not crit oranges because it simmed bis for me
Ofc
Wym
It  was a v tiny drop for me
And thats without dropping isb for red gem sim
The thing that makes me jaded is making concessions for other classes left and right while noone else does this
Ok no haste cloak no red gem no zhardoom . every other class chasing full fookin bis
wait this is hyperbolic
giving skull to mage
lmao
wait and only one of 2 raid teams
is prioing skull to mages
we kinda need a new lock in raid 2 jus saying
im taking second skull before a mage gets
in case one gets a bit dirty you know
gotta get it cleaned
waitin for it
YAWN
we cleared that shit ez clap
its all they got
this you?

took me 6 weeks to kill vashj and I still outpumped the shit outta you on the phase
nah
thats all
I gotta meeting to go to
if your guild is so much better surely you wouldnt have been farmed by me right
unlucky,
I mean if you gonna fire shots about my guilds prog 3 months later, this is completely fair game
9/10 was like 1 week
it was 8/10
because we went vash first
no we just didnt do kael
until vash ded
sounds like you dont really remember the era
and are just an orbiter latching on
cause only chirp you got
not really insecure about it lol . theres not really a response that ppl dont give me shit for
I just call ppl out that its their only thing they got now
damned if you do damned if you dont tbh
ppl are just cringe on discords
i topped dps for every attempt for like 40 straight vashj attempts no joke
atiesh cope pog
whats the difference like 20, 30 dps max
sim says 45 dps loss from fang
to atiesh
you have to remember to turn atiesh buff off
it was 80 dps when I left atiesh buff on for fang setup
tbf
I dont have fathom stone
so I compared to my OH
badge
and assumed T5 bis
if I had it id use it
because Im not a cringe player
that thinks im so much better than my raid that its a dps loss
i respect that more than paint
i farmed paint too and he doesnt even use atiesh
or second trinket half the time
paints a 1 trinket active per fight kinda guy

no this is jpaint omega tryharding to parse on gruul in this phase
while his other raiders watch hunter x hunter on one monitor and pressing scroll wheel shadowbolt
destro pot x2 flame cap
IM SEETHING BRO
this is the state of jpaints guild in 2022 btw
and giving skull to mages
if i told you id have to kill you
jpaint flexing his gruul parses again
yea it was flk
agree actually
thats concrete proof
you used your trinket 2x
gj
woulda done better w sextant too
didnt get second use of second trinket
he must be really good mage
is he jpainting
jpaint doesnt get loot
only sextant
or boots of blasting
or a seed set
or atiesh according to him
what does atiesh DE into
can you do it and tell me
cringe
jpaint deserves 4th skull tbh
doesnt play game
no seed set
no atiesh use
yea doesnt know mechanics
doesnt believe in sapper
feeds for parsechase
no face cam
no face no skull
like, the face or?
stand on my face

lmao
im stealing that
Ved why dont you just quit
like why
no actually
wait
ved
Is Thunder a frost mage

you sure
?

wtf is he doing
and is this the guy fucking you
o i see your saying occasional AB cause of CQS
but hes playing frost
for fun
<hyperbolic> on faerlina is cringe
<hyperbolic> on faerlina is cringe
<hyperbolic> on faerlina is cringe
progress
yea SF
if jpaint gets server  first hes facecamming for lock talk
when the skull goes to a mage DM me
and I will spam world chat
I got chu
no my guild makes fun of me if I sperg in world
I got baited by a canada hater
when I was walking to turn in SSC quest cause I forgot
when I wasnt banned
I asked twizzles to unban me when progress did fire lock because clearly I was just trying to help the mages come to full potential
he started arguing about how 3 of them were shadow it was great
i know man smh
mages are so dum
why you think that is
why you think a mage needs to gem int over spell dmg
thats right
Theres logs but they dont show gear
Bael make new art for jpaints cam cover on lock talk
Omw to pick up new iced bamboo sheets for my bed
How much better would lock talk be if jpaint had anime femboy cover on cam
Animated gif
Priest disc
Incubus good idea
Perf
Mute him
what you want to sim is 2:40 with double trinket usages during lust but idk if warlock sim has timings for lustst
but the mage revolution for no lusts happening in 2 months once we have the haste gear not now
did you get second trinket usage during lust
or just slap lust on the sim
hmm 1800 3 tanks 5 healers so 17 dps 17*1800=30K raid dps
which should be not very hard during lust
yea
ok
still
are we vibin rn
!krymer
i dont think I even played SC2 yesterday
just left game open
its worth because it snapshots ISB
yea
jpaint on lock talk
crix put the 100 sign

https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/823471727081422849/931682781812129802/tenor_49.gif
!tag + jpaint https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/823471727081422849/931682781812129802/tenor_49.gif
pls vote

yea vote for mine
its better
how many of these ppl still play the game
tfw shaggy is mod w most inttegrity
I feel like I had more respect when you were just ddavid
and dif pfp
old pfp more innocent and name wasnt pink
rofl
this is great
sometimes I feel like ppl are on this earth
just to fuck w paint
and its great
SBOLT SCALES BETTER IMMOLATE GETS HASTE CAPPED
jpaint doesnt know the coeff/s knowledge
DOOM IS BETTER AS SHADOW
https://tenor.com/view/dont-believe-his-lies-memento-gif-11382090
me about jpaint
can you put bael's pic in that gif pls
@Bael
I got content
jpaint pic in that gif
DONT BELIEVE JPAINT'S LIES
NO LIKE THIS
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/823471727081422849/931682781812129802/tenor_49.gif
AH YES THE ISB BREAKPOINT
i think one would speak to the raid dps value of ISB
and one would speak to the uptime
no swallow
didnt you read the instructions your supposed to fiddle w the numbers randomly until it stops pooping
you nerds would gain more dps by taking care of your mental health and body eg by going outside for once rather than by malding over theoretical gains that will be overshadowed by your practical incompetence anyway
yo nice new command
thats big
!jpaint
time for what?
Hannu has literally always been like this btw. For like 3 years on Fight Club before Classic even released.  He just likes to argue and be contrarian and troll people.
yall just getting baited
lol your name, I â¤ï¸ mage cope
Progress used fire locks, you were wrong chromie
its okay you can admit it
attone for your sins
or keep coping
Its fun to loook at the blocked ppl cope now
the proof is in the pudding
you were wrong as shit
ðŸ™‚
"fire lock will never be viable, especially not in speedrun" - Chromie 2021
Its 2022 now tho
GG
indeed you did
why are you putting words in my mouth?
ðŸ™‚
â¤ï¸ Chromie its okay bro
I forgive you
All pink as every phase
I like how you try to fish for an insult
your desperate now
Its okay
I really dont have any more to say to you. You can continue to try to insult me lmao I dont care.
Your like the 10th mage to show up here trying to troll me lol.
GG bro
warlocks were right
its okay
imagine thinking I care at all about cringers on class discords' opinions. Foolipe tried the same thing lmao
Its all good baby
ðŸ™‚ This is really not about me. This is about you guys spending your lives on class discords seething about fire locks just to be proven wrong by the best guild in the game.

I am just a messenger. You can hate me. You can attack me. It really doesnt matter. Its just a game discord and a buncha pale ppl being mad about it.
ðŸ™‚
its the truth
also I just finished wathcing attack on titan so I got this epic vibe going
no not yet
I happened to start up the most recent season didnt realise they were releasing new episodes again
Warriors indeed looking strong
O yea 3 months before TBC everyone thought warriors would be bad
I was wrong about that
some of that is taken out of context
but I have no qualms
admitting I was wrong about that
yea times change foolipe
6 months later
yea when I wrote that I was talking in a different time
Its okay
still copin
mage sims unironically rigged. Foolipe numbers are off just sim for yourself. IDK how he set up the sim but you can just sim for yourself. Sometimes gap between ZD and TOC is as low as 10 dps from my experiments. Depends on your sim settings ofc
It depends alot on your sim assumptions the actual dps number
as always
ya this page is actually missing a ton of viable gear setups
those are gnome iirc
thing about this one is it assumes 1 vate and many mages get 2
haste does get better for mages w 2 vates
as they oom even on 3 minute fights with haste kekw
ya you can cut mage lusts in a real true try hard guild and give them more haste gear rather than looting support classes like spriest ele boomy
OR you might even see warrior stack take over
mageposting aka Salad Bakers rejects being degenerate and eventually spewing out their racism / homophobia  because thats just how cringe they are
yea
Girl from SB banned from mageposting for dropping N word/ F word
and they all raged
O yea thats all I know I wouldnt be surprised if the SB cringer actually was dude ofc
I voted to remove chickens but honestly it really doesnt matter
yea pretty much
o nooo we took longer than you to clear T5
its just a game lmao
https://tenor.com/view/sad-baby-cry-tears-cute-gif-17855976
you cant care about speedruns or raid comps or loot prios because you tried less hard to kill bosses in 15 year old game
https://tenor.com/view/baby-crying-baby-crying-gif-5943733
why you tag me saying its time?
ah
IDK I think the convo is so done at this point
some ppl probably will still run fire in next phase some wont
who cares
point is mages wrong
and thats settled now
nothing to talk about
do it paint
you gotta show order
go #deleted-channel dont you care about zephan
holy fuuuuck
you guys had to go too hard and ruin it
MOP when
the big*
they been like 90% accurate tho
just a few things wrong
as usual w p servers
and I mean Id say that pserver for vanilla was pretty dam bang on
what was inaccurate from vanilla pservers
warrior best
fire mage strong at end game
roguess second best
haha I mean I played all of vanilla on pserverr and warlocks never really had their come up idk why ppl thought that
they do okay if you give them all their raid support
but they NEVER beat mages / warirors
yea
I agree
ppl dial shit to 11 for classic
lol its just a random number
mostly correct
how about that
and hunters overrated which ppl kinda saw coming
and warriors a bit stronger
for a few reasons
glancing on pserver was wrong, fights were longer, mechanics were more punishing to melee
because overtuned
I think warriors will always be a bit stronger than pservers show because fights are always gonna be shorter because pservers are overtuned
The top TBC guilds on pservers just werent even close to what kinda try hard guilds we have in classic. They probably never bothered to do boomkin math they just did what they need to do to beat content. Even like REALLY good guilds had pretty questionable players/comps. The competition just not as fierce
that gif owns
blow isnt gonna nova hes a mc cuck
wait no he wants to multi dot
muh gameplay
only your dps against constructs should count on gorefiiend too
spoar will own
warlock tank parse category when
I cant live if I cant pink
yea so now ppl will just focus on doing as much dmg to those mobs as possible
you will never remove cheese
same thing w alar
ppl just make sure phoenixes die after they pad on them
only a few ppl can realistically pad phoenixes
not the whole raid
its still just dumb cheese shit
it will always happen
WCL changing the rules will neverr stop that
haste neck but its not gonna be in the game anyways
because it got removed from PTR
because it wasnt released this early
no
theres always a chance
they change their mind
its blizz
but I am sure it got removed from PTR
and hence low chance
it comes
ok
I told you they removed it from PTR
yes
no
1 dps
and its good for seeding
I think thats cope theres plenty pf aoe this phase
2.0
2.5 yea meh
So like mages
Just darkrune manapot
Didnt it take like half of t5 for speiests to realise t5 is not dps gain
How
O yea no sim lul
That means its defs bad
Noone really says its super good just ppl take it because nothing else to take
The debate is more on valueof immolate thanvalue of cata
I thibk for that alone spriest cant be trusted
Sim is only like 2 months old probably riddled w error
Loool
passions tried to "own" me like 4 times now in priest cord only to be wrong
post this pin
I wanna see
bahahaha
I remember the old doc for spriests that said every other class should pass 2x haste ring, zhardoom, and healer haste cloak to them
because they are such nice guys
not taking gear
turns out
tailor is just bis for 2 phases
and greens
unlucky
if your bis for any phase of wow contains multiple green pieces
I would just nope out of that class
bad sign
like how many more mobs can you even maintain weaving on with full haste gear?
Maybe one?
warlock disc unironically disc with most credibility
Never seen warlock disc blatantly lie about anything
and sniped so many calls
when did they say that
and that was true in P1
tbh
we dont often talk about 3 lock comps
so Im sussin
imagine you play a class that doesnt crit for 10k and you want haste gear smh
right but what matters isnt the % chance you crit more, its the % chance you do more dmg as shadow than fire
mid roll fire = high roll shadow
is chain heal not a more efficient spell
than COH
and mana tide right
i mean ok they have less regen but is 1 x chain heal less efficient than 1x CoH
it seems like CoH priests snipe Chain Heals and that is just a waste of mana
but mayb its the other way around?
like if you know this guy is gonna get a chain heal, shouldnt you just not cast COH
Im not making any arguments about haste gear
I just think COH priests press COH too much
COH priests have other options
and shamans kinda have to press chian heal
thats just my completely ignorant interpretation
no
Im implying that some priests use COH when they shouldnt and snipe the other healers in their raid
causing mana to be wasted
I mean there were times like vashj prog where this seemed to be a real issue
and our COH priest demands spriest group and often takes vates
then hes an idiot being inefficient with his healing right?
so whats he being inefficient with? I would say that if you know a chain heal is gonna top this person you just shouldnt press COH, right?
Like I think COH is very strong dont get me wrong, I just think that healers tend to play as "inefficiently" as they can get away with
so they can chase parses
yea healer parses are big meme but dont COH priest have the best ability to snipe others with
they are like the easiest to be greedy on
COH is a better ability than chain heal for sure, but resto shamans bring lust
you have many speedruns that didnt bring a coh priest but 3 resto shamans
I dont know enough
to comment on that
but I dont think you should renew if its gonna be ineffective
that souns like a waste of mana
and totems and mana tide and chain heal and more
shamans are easily the goated class
of this expac
whether they throughput more heals or not
this sounds like a pretty childish take ngl
theres a reason every speedrun runs 3 resto shamans
and MAYBE 1 COH priest
max
yea exactly
thats what Im talking about
Im not just focusing on your healing throughput
this
This is the way it is:
Your raid is going to run 3 resto shamanas because you need lusts
The only way resto shamans are efficient healers is chain heal
You snipe chain heal with your COH
this hurts your raid team
its not about chain heal being better than COH
its about chain heal being there
and you using COH for no reason
the more haste and crit shamans get the less we need COH right
not like we gonna cut shamans
its not about chain heal being better than COH, its about shamans being better than priests
you mean worse as a healer
not worse as a class
shamans are objectively better as a class
lets be honest
lust is too strong
totems are necessary
mad
have a real discussion instead of repeating over and over same clown shit
yep
your never cutting shamans
ever
healing throughput isnt the main reason you choose a class for your raid team
priests are better healers than resto shamans if your metric is how much they can heal
but noone cares about that
Actualyl in hyjal preists can MC that adds dmg to raid
we been over this you dont have to MC the mob thats in the pack
you could MC a mob before the pack
you could drag a MC mob into boss fight
anyways hannu noone cares
also if your aoe capped at start of pack MCIng and buffing a few ppl isnt actually slowing your pack down at all
but I dont care to argue with hannu's retarded ass about it
good healers also cover alot of dps mistakes tbf
we dont go through every single any death
the most my raid does is just flames the dps
even tho half the time the tank trolled
most common for me is go hard w fetish+seed, rip one single mob out of the pack like 20 seconds in, get flamed. Even tho its so fucking obvious that 1 mob wasnt on the consecrate
because pala is trolling
or sometimes I rip on my warrior put shield on nightmare seed etc
and I just hold a tauntable mob
for 15 s
until I die
tanks never get enough shit man
they just get away with being dog
nah I played tank
you got mockingblow taunt and chall shout
do your job
so many warr tanks never mocking
because they are used to being fury prot and losing all rage when they swap stance
so they literally never swap stance
and dont use literally half their kit
yea
warr tanks more than bears and palas tho
i mean the other issue w tanking is not many feedback mechanisms . Cant tell your shit from logs easily like a dps can.
And your raid is too puss to tell them they are shit
because they dont wanna hurt the morale
having bad tank is bad look for the raid team
so just pretend it wasnt the tank
and that compounds the issue
he gets away w it
even gets some extra gear
to help him hold threat
because hes shit
etc
to me the main reason tanks are bad is that their raid allows them to be bad and doesnt hold them accountable at all
so many times when I tank I would fuck up and raid lead would just blame someone else
bad threat
not using utility or CDs
one of the best tanks I ever had almost never spoke in voice
but I do agree in general
i mean simming your dps gear is p common now
has your tank ever talked about simming his gear
for DTPS
or threat
probably not
they just fuckin send it
i mean I want to know what gear is best to get
so i sim to find out
tank parses are so bad for the game
if anything WCL should be fixing
it should be that
threat API exists
figure it the fuck out
like imagine they do all this shit so that dps feel good on alar or on gorefiend or akama
but still no fucking threat parse
I feel like TT is great to take for a feral
better to yoink than madness
TT is super small for furies
Madness is quite strong
yea im just saying that seems like a mistake
ye
my feral druid wants abacus now tho
he de'ed and now re farming
he thinks that pull threat is all that matters
and that sustained TPS trinkets arent really important
but I like TT because it has hit
so you can gear a bit better w it
o yea true
yea
uhh
I think abacus is probably all you need really but TT is a nice piece
You held threat off 20 warlocks where almost certainly at least one is high rolling every time and you had no enhance no sunders even
wasnt saying you need to wear both
really good for pull threat kinda meh for longer fight
but to me I think thats all that actually matters
y
thats , unfortunately, not a very good reason in and of itself
but yo if it helps you
all the power to yea
im just kinda sus after you tanked warlock raid w no sunders man
like
theres no way you need more
unless the warlocks wanna come out and say that they had to hold back for stabile
yes cats a good argument!
that makes sense for sure!
not trolling
im being genuine
thats a fair reason man
madness looking good for warr too
and hunter
its more on cleave
alot more
yea I mean personally as a warrior id rather not get madness so I can get sliver
but my arms doesnt have much to put on list
so its there p high
eh not really I got TT because noone else wanted
but yea I mean if your taking first TT
or making the case for you to get prio
your probably dropping madness
correct
yea I support the argument that you take madness because fury yoinked your TT and you want a DPS trinket for cat
that also helps you tank
you probably should have fought for TT tho
rip
guys dont be mean but what are you giving arms warriors next phase - we really want tier but pesky hunters
like we cant even use any offpieces because of the hit
we basically have to take tier
34 hit
o I dont want CVOS on my arms too much hit but we run boomy lol
if we didnt run boomy Id take a hit helm
but only helm I can run is tier
as 2h arms im really not gonna go above hit cap for the odd times that FF drops
I mean
yea no
if I did DW arms sure
wait what
FF doesnt matter on trash
your hit capped anyway
yea for the pen
thank you
the only value for a 2h arms past hit cap is when FF drops on a boss
and at that point you flame your boomy for not doing his 1 job
anyways my loot list for arms just feels fucked cause its all tier gear that hunters are just gonna yoink anyway
but you right supp class life
I beat hunters on overall tho
well mayb not but thats kinda what I thought the meta would be
I ride our furies ass and he gets feral group
im fine playing arms my guild wont fuck me super hard I think
I could mayb get glaives if I made a big stink but
I dont wanna
is ok
gz
you hit cap for sure I mean its pretty hard to not go over tbh
and yea 1 miss is pretty devastating ruins your rotation for at least 1 swing timer
I think I will be fury in sunwell so I could start taking hit pieces to transition
I think that haste is dogshit for arms and fury will just outshine arms completely
arms in phys stack only
DW arms exists tho
so mayb
sadly at 20% or more haste and lust kebab actually beats 2h on sim
and the 2hs get worse and worse next phases
they are too fast
so yea I think DW arms or fury in sunwell
which is depressing
yea cata edge is 3.4
3.5*
then 3.4 weap in SWP
when you have haste
yea which means haste is doing so fuckign little compared to if you were dual wielding
yea I hate kebab but the reality is its kebab in sunwell
or fury
glaives or not
I agree but unironically kebab is better at 4 or more squawks
stupid game
thatd be nice tbh
like mad they might remove chicken?
smh
both prolly
ye fight club is super clown
they also believe that warriors are the "best scaling"class
because rage exists
but bruh warriors are almost rage capped as is
"rage is exponential scaling"
realistically arpen is HUGE for warrior but haste is very small
hahaha
hunters are often retarded loot grubbing idiots
but I will say hunter discord is very classy
lul
yea in hunter sim land where they do 4k dps
single target
on AOE bitch it might be
wheres that pic from classic
its like dps over time
and warrior is just at top whjole time w no slope
and warlock is heavy slope
but still under warrior
and it says "best scaling class"
on it

I hope this isnt TBC
but its  not looking good boys
lol
ok so he didnt make up the hit
lol
xelrog being clown
uh
isnt it like the only one
the only on use haste buff on a non class trinket
skull to herb faster
herbalist prio
skull bis for bubble hearth
pala prio
bruh
yo what does popping skull look like
imagine you a warlock trying to herb, get NS rooted by druid and he swoops in pops a skull in your face and herbs
like might as well just bend over
I might actually uninstall
if a druid with skull yoinks my herb
i think it is uniroincally boomy after warlock
mayb mage if you value the trash dps really high
fuck dreamstate imagine you take that talent and no boom form for crit buff
there was some clowns on prot pala eying skull too
saying bis for threatr
I basically said that about TOC
and the person I was talking to got very mad
and said I was stupid
that threat always beats a few more seeds
but bruh its literally 20 Spellpower and crit rating
why does a pala need that
im not sure its actually even bis game that haste mace is probably just as good
lmao
lmao
where the mages at while shaggy pops off
why he always pops off on mages when they arent here
last time the mages were here
he just popped off on me instead
haha
Its hard
not my dick
hannu was it you who was the support warrior on private server
that used NF and Anni
what was that guys name
from fight club
He was in Return
@Hannu
dam rlly
i swore you were around in pserver time
lul so whats the realistic part
what concession did they make
ok so their realistic bis is not taking stormrage signet and taking the shadowmoon destroyer cloak instead
classy
yea we gonna take 3 other class' bis cloak
for our realistic bis
since we cant have the ring
realistically you just swap in deep shadow or something
or the fucking hit neck
instead of contesting arpen neck
i think a truly sweat guild would loot fury CVOS and SS ring
but
for us its gonna be enhance first
hunters tier
warriors signet
glaives warrior mayb not signet right away
whats logic for hunter CVOS
poor enhanc
ok
hmm
so who gets tier
ele sham/warr?
resto really
why not warr or ele
where warrior
yea im not too worried about CVOS wrarior
but we arent gonna kick our ele or cuck him
resto first tier and skipping warr/ele/hunter entirely seems just wrong to me
but I know its big for resto
o I think you looking at helm specifically
down prioing warrior for helm specifically does make sense
not so much for arms id say
but yea for fury
because illdiari shatterer is solid and CVOS exists
so why would a fury take tier
helm
well as arms
i will use it
right away
I guess if I didnt have a boomy
id just use illidari shatterer/CVOS
so sounds fine
how legit is that actually
they seem hella thirstyy for it on ret disc
but ret is always hella thirsty
yea I mean I have seen this before
we run a boomy so
its all a bit different
o yea?
I assumed they wouldnt run boomy tbh
Im p sure this got shit on and outdated
theres no way a 2h arms with a boomy gets that much from CVOS
i remember seeing this too
but shit changed
this might be signet
i remember arms being high for signet
not CVOS
idk
this cant be madness bros
o
no it is madness
lol
the columns literally say madness vs second bis
but the whole thing on their page is that madness is way better than they thought
thats why they closd  it
so those numbers are prob totally ded
Havent done the fight
I feel like your just not gonna cast ele tho if its getting dispelled 5 times a fight
next phase sounds like cancer for the parselords
gn
monka
I cant talk to my friends cause the degens ruined perferctly good command
gn jpainâœï¸
!jpainâœï¸
you banned the command so cant you uncensor your name now
SMH
N
hmmm
JpainT
jpaint
k
gn jpaint
!jpaint
thats cute
that might be better than the old command
jpaint actually 5head make his own command so noone else can put weeb shit in it
isnt it past your bed time bael
you need your beauty sleep
zeph didnt put it on affliction bis list
since most ppl run the ruin build I think they gear p similar to destro

but you can sim it and check for yourself!
im not sure on afffli stuff
yea the better the gear/buffs
Boujie
bourgeois
bourgeoisie
!jpaint
smh removed alrdy
o nice
hello I was wondering if anyone knew whether I should use Red (angry,fearful) gems or orange (playful, lovable) gems in my bis

void spheres are mixed emotions

source : https://www.hearthpwn.com/forums/hearthstone-general/fan-creations/240913-hearthstone-heroes-as-zodiac-signs
...guys

Im a Taurus

pog
me and Tyrandowo
BM stands for Big Member?
are you ret or prot
fem Belf is only good for prott
cowl of the illidari highlord looks amazing
will any class use that
yea

it gives you glowy eyes
all of the ZA gear looks fuckign amazing too
like they put SO much effort into all of this irrelevant catchup gear

what happened to channels
so back to same old?
nice
lmao yourr cringe
blow justs baits constantly lmao
why tho
no
haste neck is like  1 dps more than sun king neck
why do ppl care so much about haste neck
if you could consider haste neck "your bis" then consider sun king your bis
1 dps
yes
i c
thats kinda pog
too bad noone in discord has ever heard of that or applied it unlucky
yea as I understand it its like the food pyramid
we need 7 name callings for every 1 refuting central point
to have a balanced diet
based zephan pve-and-food-pyramid
I get it
we need one for ppl who spell bottom as bottem
I originally responded to central point by blow. But then he decided to say I "had an aneurism" about it when I wasnt even here. Thats implying I have brain dmg Aka Ad Hominem. So I responded with name calling "You are cringe".
im lEarNiNG
hi
lmao thats actually a p good one
quick question just for clarity @Zephan where exactly do we shit post now
and how am I supposed to shit post here telling ppl to go shit post in banter instead now
ok so back to normal until autism rises again
o nonono @excite you  dont get to boot me from ret disc
@excite ret disc cvos autism engaged
the annoying part is the need for 5 squawks to parse going forward and 30 min cd means you cant have it every boss
and it makes 2h arms bad
thats the real problem
thats fine but you dont play game
so your opinion is irrelevant
â¤ï¸
that too
i dont think it affects speedruns at all
I guess mayb speedrunners  mad they cant parse
parse cringers yes
i agree it doesnt really matter if you dont care about WCL and caring about WCL is lame
but that is the reason ppl are annoyed w it
and also it just being annoyingin raid
eveyones feelings matter
blow doing bottom hierarchy shit again

blow = bottom hierarchy
power word bottom
yea mages are all bottom hierarchy
ppl can sperg about WCL and we can make fun of them
I also pity blow
espcially when its support classes parse chasing
notice the two support classes are parse chasers
!jpaint
friendship parse 99
I parse chased jpaint for so long
but finally got my 99
peli
you hard casted corruption
coulda beaten crilton
unlucky
this
also -
i really thought youd be perfect
i believed you
this isnt ad hominem this is refuting the central point that peli's casts were perfect

also you should pop trinket and then doom
if you need more help on how to play warlock DM me @Pelican
warlock
your general premise of not giving zdoom to someone and wasting OH is fine. 

However, it also applies to spriest. If hammer/dagger drops early, and you the spriest get it, you can now no longer get zhardoom as that would be wasting the dagger.
Please argue the central point and do not revert back to name calling as you tend to do @Blow
also giving the spriest zhardoom would be  waste of badge off hand
how you get this farr
and not know
!snapshot
and no daggers
also if its the case of spriest w no OH and warlock with OH. well the spriest also has their BiS OH in the badge OH. So they would then be on equal footing for zhardoom
:peepohigh:
why
its your second bis option
its same as us
I disagree with your central point
Blow loses 33 dps when he plays the game with haste
clips dots
so I dont want him to lose dps
im just trying to help him
not meme
reverted to bottom hierarchy again
unlucky
Its ok bbottom hierarchy gets bottom prios
!tag + Blow Power Word Bottom Hierarchy
no your Bael's bottom
thats not bottom hierarchy by the way
because thats a compliment
You should listen to heals and implement every suggestion he offers. He is the smartest and coolest poster in here(besides me)and itâ€™s not even close
@Blow im honetsly over ZD whats the next cringe thing spriests gonna try to take
in SWP
can we fight about that
or do you not know your SWP bis yet
but ahed on ST upgrade
and thats not entirely true as a mage will gcd cap with skull in some scenarios
ideally you can trirnket into doom
and follow up
I actually did some math about whether its worth to doom early even if you get a free GCD out of it and its not
youd rather lose 1.5s of a shadowbolt cast to get doom with buffs on it
than cast doom early
unless doom early gets you a second doom
because fight is exactly 2 min or something
no you dont
do the math
noob
I thought the same
til I did math
no
I did math on whether its better to lose the GCD
to get doom snapshotted
yea and you would trinket
before the doom
thats fine
yes
you would
k
lol
you still get full benefit from lust on doom cast
you want your doom to be SP
consider this
Shadowbolt is 100% SP ratio spell yes?
when it crits it becomes a 200% SP ratio spell
Doom is just a 200% SP ratio spell
you could agony you could corr or you could just get a non shit tank and throrw a few bolts
your not gonna rip w bolt on pull w a good MD and a non shit tank
so anyways sbolt with trinket only reaches the value of doom with trinket when it crits. And its a longer cast so it never reaches the value
even if you lost 1.5s of a bolt. it doesnt reach that value
then use corr or something im sorry you are wrong again hannu
you want doom snapshotted.
do the math.
I know you dont do math and just troll
but try it
because you JUST said you cant bolt
I just bolt my tanks a chad
wasting trinket value
if thats what your into
by all means
do the math hannu
stop being lazy and mad
this is also the reason Im top prio for everything
lucky enough to get 2 vestments means
im very lucky and deserve loot
all that matters is not losing a doom
if you need to doom early to get the second doom cast then you're correct
if you are gonna get 1 doom in the fight no matter what you typically have a lot of wiggle room
on when exactly to cast it
can even wait for agony to finish and still get it in
you can destro pot early if you wnat agony to finish (you dont want destro pot for doom, only SP trinket/ T4 proc/etc effects)
or you can trinket> doom > destro pot
depending on the situation
yea ppl getting back into it a bit farming their shit before new raid
ppl said BT was gonna be a joke before TBC even came out so Im not really disappointed
But Imma be sad if locks are farmed by warriors because the fights are too short
yea thats what most people do and thats what I set out to determine if it was worth
I don't think it is
nah I think I wanna keep the fact that I got 2 vests as lowkey as possible
lol
you can agony
you can also like tap or use random abilities to fish bowiz
yea but not snapshotting your doom is also a waste
wait what
yea theres some fight lens you dont wanna grief yourself on thats true
but you dont NECESSARILY have to get full value of the agony cast
well we have to be very specific about the situation we are going to math
so what is your situation
you said "lust on pull"
youd rther lust when weaving is up
spell out the exact assumptions we have and we can figure out the math
cba
jk
Trinket = 155 SP for 20 seconds

Shadow Bolt = 2.5s cast -> 1.92 in lust (100% SP Ratio ->200% if crit) (544-607 dmg base)

Doom = 1.5s cast - > 1.15 in lust (200% SP Ratio always) (3200 base)

So its:
Trinket -> Doom -> 9 bolts

or

Doom -> Trinket -> 10 bolts

so 1 bolt vs doom on its own is : (crit % * 0.875 SP  *1.2 (S+F) Ratio) 

Imma do 50% crit chance:

1 bolt gets (2.04x.5x155) + (1.02x.5x155)= 237 dmg on average

1 doom gets 2.0x.155= 310 dmg

Okay so what this means is that doom during trinket on its own is 73 dmg better on average(before modifiers).

now my brain is farting because im really hungry
the next thing we have to do is calculate the value of getting a "free gcd " doom or just agony
i forgot shadow  and flame sheeeit
adjusted
so if you were to trinket doom say 6 seconds in on a 2:30 fight, you will get 2 dooms and exactly 1 agony duration at the end. This means that your initial agony is just gained dmg and you will gain 31 dmg on average
I thought 100% was 3.0
I probably fuck alot of things when I do this math btw but you nerds will tell me and I will learn things
I am realising I dont know how to math agony
How do agony ticks ramp?
How do I determine dmg of a 10 s agony, or a 15 s agony
i thought bolt was 120% spell with shadow+flame
thats what Im suggesting and trying to math yea
the value of delaying doom to get trinekt
at the cost of some agony ticks

your right skript
im retarded
ok shadow bolt is even more dogshit
adjusted my post
so the clipped agony loss before modifiers needs to be 73 dmg or morer
Imma go eat lunch someone let me know how agony ticks are calculated
@jpaint How does agony work
wakey wakey
need formula
how do the ticks ramp
how do I calculate the dmg of a clipped agony
rip me
bruh isnt it in your sheet
ah
ok
I guess this is the part where I have to go through jpaints spaghetti of excel formulas


24 s and 12 ticks
so eg a 15s will tick 7 times and you will get 42% of the agony dmg
yea im being autistic
so even losing 1 tick of agony to delay doom = 12% loss of agony dmg 0.12 * 1356 = 162 lost dmg

Which is more than the value of doom during trinket. So I guess you dont want to clip any agony at all to get full doom during trinket value which is bad for my case sadge
@Crimble actually presented a pretty optimal case
for doom during trinket
thats an option but the specific case was like a walk up
so you cant cast immolate on walk up to VR
because you want to pop your trinket for doom
and yea you could just trinket -> doom -> bolt still
see the thing is that if you do 1-2 ticks of agony before my math would seem to show that that is only worth if you dont clip agony at all at the end
but I guess it depends when exactly you clip the agony!!!
a clip at the end is worse than a clip at the start
SHEEESH
math is hard af
tldr is math hard
yea there is value in lining your second doom with trinket too if fight is long enough
yea something like that
yea you need a 3rd doom not second one my bad
I meant second "trinketed" doom
not your second doom will be trinketed
2:30 yes works out p well
but thats like a near optimal case for this
where you wont clip agony as long as you doom in first 6 seconds
On use during lust is gonna beat saving 1 on use for second doom
yea , definitely
thats a fair statement its just more complicated
Its also fine to trinket half way through lust and get the doom
However if you wibd up losing even one of the final agony ticks because you clipped agony at the start its not worth
Clipping an initial agony tick ( first 4 ticks ) is fine to get trinketed doom
But on average clipping a single agony tick to get doom trinket is not worth
Though madarbs suggestion should be bis in most cases. Just do one full agony then doom
Yes
just make sure you're not losing trinket casts or doom casts by doing that and your gucci
kinda yea
at least a general idea
its not super tight but you need to know you arent losing a doom cast by delaying doom by 24 s
haha
basically its not as cut and dry as I initially said
losing 1 agony tick to doom early is generally bad
thats the main takeaway
we can go back to peli logs and find new mistakes
but I cba
well in your exact example, agony on pull then ttrinket dooming 6 seconds into the fight is perfectly acceptable
but your exact example was hyper optimal
yea that would change it exactly
for 2:20 you want to doom before trinket if you can use a GCD during run in. However, there may be some case for bowiz fishing on the run in instead. ðŸ™‚
So its:
Trinket -> Doom -> 9 bolts

or

Doom -> Trinket -> 10 bolts

so 1 bolt vs doom on its own is : (crit % * 0.875 SP  *1.2 (S+F) Ratio) 

Imma do 50% crit chance:

1 bolt gets (2.04x.5x155) + (1.02x.5x155)= 237 dmg on average

1 doom gets 2.0x.155= 310 dmg

Okay so what this means is that doom during trinket on its own is 73 dmg better on average(before modifiers).
thats assuming bloodlust!
the first 4 ticks of agony are  ~67.5 dmg whch is less than the 73 above
the next 8 ticks are greater
agony math:
the overall "safest" play is to agony wait 24 s then doom but you only do this if you know that your fight len is X:24 - X:59
which on average will be true
but then you have to calc the expected loss for x:00-x:24 vs expected gain from X: 24-X:59
im gonna say that if you have no idea what your fight length will be , its actually probably indeed better to doom on the walk up to VR
but if there is no walk up, trinket into doom is likely better
never doom during destro pot
just dont say I never contribute anything â¤ï¸
yea aff parsing is easiest thing ever
i think alot of bad locks get relegated to aff spot
yo dont take that too personal
ppl on this disc are generally better than average ppl
mmm yea that is fair
so then you are essentially doing the same as the 0:24 doom. This is only good if your fight len is X:24-X:59. Else you lost a doom tick. If you treat fight len as a totally random variable, then this case is slightly more likely. However, losing more than 1 agony tick will be a devastating loss vs the gain of doom during trinket. So even tho this case is slightly more likely the expected loss for a X:00-X:24 fight outweighs the gain you got.
yea with proper knowledge you can pull this off just fine!


and yea if you know fight len, you can figure out whats optimal p easily
as long as you understand that you dont want to lose any one of your last 8 agony ticks to get a trinketed doom
or 2+ of the first 4 ticks
which is easy as long as you let your whole agony complete
@Pelican still misplayed because they were KT weap cheesing and he should have waited for 5 dagger stacks before popping his trinket

lost to fury and made us all look bad
yea thats why it woulda been the ultimate style to beat crilton
instead of lose to crilton
we are honestly all terrible warlocks
easiest class in game
and we all probably still fuck it up
another reason you shouldnt have trinketed early
or you mean capped after shattering?
thats a rip
in that case you flame shaman / tank
more MDs needed
yea the jpaint -only get 98 on vashj cause didnt use trinket - technique
but at least hes happy
theres probably something to be said about trying to fish procs before dooming
but that math was beyond me
and bowiz fish on walk up
ye
I agree its hard to truly know fight lens but late phase you can make some decisions this way
is there any non curse spell you can use to fish during a walk up
like an insta cast
shadowburn I guess
rather not lose the agony
yea I know that
I said non curse for a reason
hey thats better than nothing
can also blow a healthstone to fish a sextant LMAO
I let the spriest/mage get Earth Shield
because I think its better and my parses on VR were already chad
then the ele sham gets priest shield
you should move your porno stash to the cloud
its 2022
just download more space I did that and the service is really great. The service guy called me after to help me get rid of the viruses on my PC and he just needed my credit card number to confirm it was my PC he was helping.  He connected in to my PC installed some anti virus stuff and now I dont have any more viruses
really went above and beyond
this swedish meal delivery service?
Wtf is that burger

what the hell is this
yea im sure it doesnt sound too bad to a dutch dude who eats pea soup and pickled herring all day
yo this is really flattering what did I do to get such praise
first im jpaints best friend
now this
!jpaint
i still have no clue why yall started meming gelkis centaur shit
but surely its some sort of degenerate
im kinda out
but if someone wants to figure out optimal skull trinket stuff
thatd be cool
you know how in vanilla, you had optimal way to use your TOEP/ZHC
Whats optimal SKull?
i feel like you MUST snapshot a green beam at the end of skull
its the rest I need help with
if you bolt at the end of skull
it snapshots for cast right
so optimal thing to do is set up the 15 seconds to barely start one more bolt
which might mean you sneak in one life tap or other cast
in order to set that up
depending on your haste
we need  a WA
to tell you if you shuold use a GCD during your skull
depending on your haste val
well thats gonna change w haste ger right
hell yea bro
i think the math is just too hard in practice esp if you got quags proccing mid way through
but sometimes yall come up w some big brain shit
yea
Hildigunners sim somehow decides what spells to cast
mayb that can be adapted into a WA
snapshotting a soulfire at end off skull therers no way thats worth right
Ye
Sadness
And skull does it share cd w other actives
It do right
Yee
I was  trolling and appealing to dives sensibilities so he might date me sometime down the line
W green beam TC
Thats ok we can still cuddle and stuff
Is green beam part of affli gameplay in wrath
Is there any crazy gear/ trinkets in wrath
Like that changes how you play
Whats like the "skull" of wotk
Whats that
Dam from skull of guldan to random hunk of shit
Thats why you reroll in icc
I think warlock naxx parsing seems interestinh
Cool ways to use portal
For uptime
Whats portal cd
30 sec cd thats insane
Imagine you port back to horseman or something
You like fuckin flying around horsemen room multi dotting
Meta> intercept cast for abit then port to other horsemen right befpre you die
Yea sadge
You will use port tho for sure
Like anub whenhe goes out of your range
Or like thaddius side swap
Heigan w portal ? Get sent to other room, port right back
Loatheb portal on spore or something
Could still save time only walk halfway or w.e
Dont need to wait for the blast
Dayum!
Portal to sapper?
On noth
Haha
Just a fun spell allaround
Ye
Demo lock has a charge and a portal
We got warrior mobility
Leap is prepatch cata
And you get hand of guldan and fear stand still glyph and felguard axe throw and bladestorm
So you have this insane chain cc wombo combo while fg just blamestorm
Stand still fear locks in hand of guldan and FG just spinning. If they break fear you axe throw
Knocks them down and HoG still lands
Cata prepatch I duelled alot
Then when hog lands and spinning FG you demon leap in for the burst
And hellfire while moving ruins rogues
Lol warriors were easiest duel and best duel because you kill them w bladestorm after they did that the whole expac
No warriors would accept the duel tho
I dont remember dk much
I dont think they were v good in pvp
I didnt play early
mage prio should be kresh auto mute
can you set that up mods
if someone says words mage prio -> mute
when I simmed mage cloak it was just dps loss everytime
compared to illidari
yea haste belt is smart but just put low on list or w.e
just take haste belt when it comes and down prio noose
yea except the mage dont even want haste cloak
idk man I have never seen this
I simmed mages
the belt was literally always a dps loss for mage
regardless of cloak choice
I saw some memer say this
so I checked
shhhh
we take the lust afterr we take the haste gear
not before
vs what
o just taking other cloak
what fight len and innervate count?
i dont think the mage will ever wear BT neck?
losing int bad
haste gear does sim better if you add vates
so if you did short fight + multi vate mayb haste cloak comes out ahead
i swear warlock spriest group
its peepocozy man
thats a mega cap
I was messing sim and adding vate was like 200 dps
nuts
(for mage)
i never simmed lock vate
they get haste tho too
so even on 3 min fight innervate is nice
hes rright
but dont tell anyone
until we get ours
mage lust revolution is scheduled 2 months into BT
and no sooner
Because lust fucks up mage cd usage so them losing lust is a relatively small loss
Skull is good for water crafting tho
Monka mage sim
Mage loot is in ssc and tk
Worth every penny
Yea no mages in raid in swp its a guarnteed ROI
did you guys know that SWP mace + Badge OH sims better than Zhardoom for spriest
im mad now
if you get OH and MH I thought
spriest has free mace
and badge OH
already doing better
yea probably
but if you get zhardoom
your last on sunflare
spriests just gonna get this mace
cause mages and locks cant even use
yea threat copers just have bad tanks
or bad hunters
the catabolt tradeoff is fine there are arguments for either
but the idea that its bad cause of threat
is so silly
think im going back immolate for BT
because of these shadow res shenanigans and something something on Mother
nice to have option to immolate on trash and stuff
yea meh
I find if the tank fucks up immo can rip too
so meh
immo on trash seems good if its like 2 -3 mob pack
like immo main problem is mana right
but you dont oom on a small trash pack
yea I just feelscrafting here
and someone said mother was fire vuln so immo good
and the benefit from catabolt was small as is
and immo is good on short fights
so
idk imma just swap it up for BT see how she goes
yep
Hyjal MC buff Succubus Demo
what you guys think
squawklock with MC buff
you dont swap who is reck bitch?
I assign a fresh bitch every week
o that
eh I tried to recommend that
but w.e
noone really cries about trash curses
ya it would work
its just not a level of micro management I care for
in theory each warr sunders a diff mob too
multiple faerie fires could be going out
just nooone does this shit
so why should we
yea thats tru
ye I mean I asked for it but I just dont care that much
isnt coe like only worth if the mobs gonna live long enough
noway its still worth to COE technicians and shit
if Im COE duty I just hit the 3 big mobs on lurker packs
any banger playlists in the chat
post spotify
no gachi
im always poppin ðŸ¾
i really wish I had eye of diminution too
someone say its not good so I dont have to feel bad
may solarian bless you w wand before BT
the 2 vestments oracle has spoken
yea 2 fathoms I passed one to a ele shaman because he put high on list and I felt bad
now he has nexus key
gg
he thought he wouldnt get nexus key
because there was long line
he just used w mindblade
we had 2 atiesh locks
so like
1 more fathom stone
and we are all covered
just bad RNG
it happens
was super early that I passed it
my warr sadge
and tbh lots of ppl stoked trying to yoink sres pieces
reset
yea
and they kinda said it in the blue post
positively
we dont let ppl bring their alts to raid lol
because ppl get way too degen w it
"O he brought his alt so im bringing mine too"
and all of a sudden half your raid is shitter toons
and your killtime double
and ppl dying cause healers are cooked
ye
a buncha ppl wanted to bring alts so they could carry gdkps on their geared toons
imagine if your whole raid did that tho
fuck em
they want that carry gold and the free loots from raid
dooming chromag and the vuln hits
yea well spriests dont want contested loot
but yea sure
my work uses codenames for product before they are released. The latest code name is : Brony.....
:peepohigh:
end is what I have
#showtooltip
/use 13
/use 14
/cast Blood Fury
/cast Flame Cap
/cast Destruction Potion
/cast Shadow Bolt(Rank 11)
/cqs
thats like my all in macro
I have a second one that uses other trinket slot
never took flame cap out lol just dont carry them
CASTER

so theres this mace just for them and shamans in sunwell
guess boomy too
AND sunflare
but I mean turns out that TOC + Heart of the Pit beats zhardoom too
even if completely over hit cap
and sunwell is like a bit meme to do loot around
its just that crit is terrible for them
zhardoom is just the best of a buncha shit options for em
TOC is honestly the based move just dont tell blow I said that
if you have zdoom your not seeing heart of the pit
whats sunwell staff like i wonder
is there one
eh its a bit diff because it sets you up to get wraith blade
aq staff sets you up to get fucked again on some staff

no haste cringe
looks dog
mage weapon

yea
yea
3 yellow slots
that shits definitely for mages
also
Grand Magister's
and the look of it

ye
fire maguses
what did this MEAN
were you just jebaiting me
I think I knew but I forgot
@jpaint you need new brracers
log in and do BGs
If you truly understood ISB you would farm your new bracers
i mean your bracers are cringe log in
uh huh
so you farmed em last time
man up + shut up + farm honorr

so halfway to bracers then
I thought jpaint always finishes what he started
i thought jpaint always finishes
new years resolution
log in game
how old are yo
you play minecraft and fortnite
whats next
your not wrong
stream some fortnite gameplay
I bet its just like wow gameplay
dont use trinket
pickin flowers
wanna play TFT
not league
TFT
its auto chess
for league
dranthax you better shut the fuck up im still mad that you pushed out kenneth
wanna watch attack on titan
!kenneth
Did I ever tell you the tragedy of Darth Kenneth the Theorycrafter? I thought not. It's a secret speedrunning guild legend. Darth Kenneth was an omega chad theorycrafter, so powerful and so wise he could destroy any simulation of firewarlocks to create chaos in the tbc-pve channel... He had such a knowledge of the intricacies of warlock theorycrafting that he could even keep meme specs (shadow btw) he cared about from dying. The dark side of theorycrafting is a pathway to many arguments that some deem to be 'stupid as fuck'. He became so powerful... the only thing he was afraid of losing was his lover, Dranthax, which eventually, of course, he did. Unfortunately, he taught his apprentice everything he knew, and then his apprentice banned him in his sleep. Ironic. He could save others from the bad theorycrafting, but not himself.
whats your favorite movie
non porno
Jpaint and Zephan AMA starting in 5 minutes?
watch cowboy bebop
its not weird anime shit at all
just chill action + music
Jungle Cruise then
I bet Jpaint watches WWE
and thinks that hes not ghey
nailed it
and your still  kid
whats your favorite movie
stop dodging
its AMA time
yea but I just watch anime like normal high school boi
lmao
what is a movie you liked
that you watched
thats all
your 12 so mayb only seen like 4 movies
Because he ahsnt watched a non porno in like 3 years
alright boys
imma learn to be an ace warlock

thats how
also if theres no booba within first 10 min im turning it offf
I now
know
a) recommended by jpaint
b) called idiocracy
okay recommend me one
I didnt say recently
I said
whats a movie you like
no i didnt say recently
i said not porno
p good movie
hey jpaint com farm some honor
ill post face cam if you do
I aint scared
im fucking gorgeous.
LOL
the doctor who hangs out w the pimp just said ok my n***s
in the most casual way
actually theres still some dude from fight club who still logs in and messages Healspls hate pasta to all my guildies
so kinda scared to post my face tbh
id rather post face than hog
!av @Healspls
hmm
sus
thats the Wizard from Netherlands
turns out hes kinda a pedo
oops
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Wizard_of_New_Zealand
do you like horror movies
I like Midsommar
you do
playing dumb
you were irresponsible mod
own it
apologize
!unban dieck#7952
!timeout @jpaint 24h stop being a terrible human
!8ball did jpaint screw up
fine
but why did All map to dieck
@jpaint this movie is how I feel when I visit the USA
Virginia was where I last went
oct 28 was news of lawsuit

lol
mages baiting yawn
o dam
blizz unnerfing MQG but stiill seed bug
BUG
i  honestly dont care at all about seed bug im jut shitposting
#suggestions
help the mods
they are so busy doing so much important work
I would rule w  a fist harder than !shaggy
mages would be gone
spriests would be special role
simons typing shut up and act cool
guys chanimal came here late at night once asking if DMF trinket was good for affli and I didnt know the answer
my biggest regret
I cant wait to watch all these mages not use MQG a single time all BT in logs
lords work blizz
is it really that brroken in arenas
i heard 5s yea
Thank you Simon and I generally agree with your take here.  Prism seems marginally useful to me as it is hard to really change your gameplay as you "might still rip" with it anyways. But I like to wear it over some more aggressive trinket when fetish is on CD just to feel a bit safer. But Fetish is the bee's knees.
does anyone have a really good nameplate threat weakaura
not like threat plates
like raw threat values
on plate
or way to mod ElvUI to show it
I tried once
did not work
I liked watching your warlock SSC stream
What was your argument about simon
someone saying prism strong?
classic chat
Like go hard w prism on as long as I have Shatter CD, I feelcraft that prism lets me keep shatter CD longer and if I fuck up and rip Ill just shatter
but I always swap to active threat reduc if possible
I really do want to know what it means tho
zephan I think he was innocent bystander
o well gg
christmas is over btw
santa hat
iin jan
Belgium right
cuberdon
i kinda wissh
thiis was still a thing
id out farm all you raid loggers
Hey guys it has come to my attention that I played more warlock in Vanilla than Stabile. Can I please either lose the classic warrior role or can it be added to Stabile in the name of fairness?
nice
one of us
I still play warrior pog good warrior confirmed
but thats a cap theres tons of dog warriors that stayed warrior
im not really sure there is a reasonable spectrum of skill
your either good
or your shit
Felwhisper is my favorite warlock
yes it is
hey is the arpen ring in the game
yea but he might ban me
also I like how scanlawn is still on the skull cope

@Hannu
kekw

yea but the warlocks in YOUR raid are fine
so unlucky
This just reads like massive cope tbh. Knowing you were very keen on taking skull from your warlocks and talked to me plenty about doing exactly that.
no I know you
are you really gonna replace it with magister's staff
heart of the pit on its own isnt gonna replace  zhardoom
i simmed that
but yes TOC + heart of the pit
sims better for me
i was way over hit cap and it simmed better hannu
TOC + Pit
but I am seriously doubting magisters stafff
didint sim it tho
Just seems like how can I use 50 hit on staff
but maybe theres a good setup for it
I think honestly smart mages and smart locks go TOC
zhardoom users wont get heart of the pit
nor sunflare
wait how does this show not fixed
confused
ok?
haha
im so confused
what do you think you tested
seed bug relates to aoe cap
doxx I didnt call you any names
Im srsly just curious
I think you need to be aoe capped to test seed bug
or do you think that seed bug is that its not hitting the main mob?
okay that makes sense
just say that
even if it is you should test both symptoms separately
okay
depends alot on your assumptions honestly
shadow lock? Seed Set?
Its like 8
fire lock ? No seed set? Like 10-11 iirc
think its like 9
mayb 8
indeed
cause a standard gear lock isnt gonna gear for crit hes just gonna have a ton of spellpower and cap early
i dont really get this one
so its not funny
so its a rule 6 violation
zephan's america
cringe
im here
but I dont want to type stuff because then someone just gonna ask haste neck and new items again
and not read

spriest discord
haste doesnt really get better w more haste
if anything it gets relatively worse compared to other stats
Hey guys
Can you all go get your gem bag from consortium
and report if you get epic gems?
they are in the bag
sometimes at least
new gems
yes
I think the new gems are what the 'new items' are
lol
I dont think it will work
I think the contents are gonna be same when you restore
ye
noone has yet reported getting a gem from the consortium bag
thats not to say its impossible
what was that bael
RULE 6 VIOLATION @jpaint
rule 6 is just funny tho
I watched that entire movie last night
I felt so stupid afterwards
good movie
kinda scary low key that shit is real
also I feel like that every time I am in the US
walmart 10 x the size of any, entire beer aisle, ppl screaming about wild shit, go to the US bank the girl at desk can barely speak never mind answer a question
yea

heres the rules btw
right there
I posted
wait what
exposed?
how
my favorite jpaint quote is
"I dont have a favorite movie if you have a favorite anything you are mentally weak"
he broke rule 6
minecraft crossover when?
you said minecraft had better pvp but what about wow vs minecraft pvp same game
world of minecraft
we know you would
i thought minecraft already had food and water
what would mage mod add?
o nice
odaal was losing his mind in priest disc earlier

haha
iis it 3 items now?
not just 3 tiers?
ok
nah
you dont try anymore
no BoB no Honor farm
game rewards ppl who try
in minecraft yea
!8ball wand for paint?
alright
lucky lucky
its good
not stupid good
idk why he wants a wand he doesnt even play game
so are boots of blasting and the honor bracers atm
he doesnt bother w that
yo when ppl actually ask questions you dont have to be a tard
they still have feelings
unban me
I asked twizzles to unban so we could talk about the domination of fire warlocks in speedruns
he just did a bunch of mage coping
and then blocked

2 shadows
iin the fastest run
well the irony is twizzles comments on the gap between shadow and fire lock dps. but ignores the fact that arcfire and arcfrost have nearly no diff in dps
despite what mage sims seemed to say it was 300 dps gap
also I hear mages started simming longer kill times to justify taking loots
but refused to sim more than 3mins
for arcfire vs frost
they probably did lmao
mages shit post here all the time
noone even cares
mages are sensitive
they need a safe space
to cope
lol
i mean thats what they say but I could say exact same thing about the warlocks
goesting didnt even get vate
hes a very good mage probably and skill is a factor
but also
mana in a speedrun
its not a bunch of 3 minute fights
like mages  want to believe
its really more like 1 very long fight
with a few breaks
as I said ages ago
and got mocked for in mage disc
the reality is simming 3 minutes only was never a practical approach
I said that from the beginning
you guys added a million options to your sim to stagger cds so you could justify skull or at least try to justify it
but you cant add some way to simulate an extended speedrun
ðŸ™‚
yep
i have 2 vestments
yea they did
well idk if they had 1
point is. you guys made such a fit about playing arcfire only to be shown that its indeed bis in the end. 

You cant really deny that fact anymore. 

Its water under the bridge at this point. fuck continuing this argument. But mages are sensitive and quick to ban anyone who disagrees with their line of thinking. Warlocks just chillin laughin when mages come in here and try to bait
that wasnt the argument tho. yea you try to reframe it into something you can argue. 

The mages screeched that it was unviable in speedruns and only for cringe parsing. You remember?
We all remember.
I always said its situational and depends on your raid comp/goals
that was my position on mage disc
not that every raid should be fire
fact is mages were wrong, gg
no not at all
we literally never said that
even me the pinnacle of mage shit talking always said you would be king dick this phase
as did private servers
etc
yea be mad try to attack my character
classic mage shit
lool
its true

lying about what
I argued many things
I think the way anyone who talked about fire as an option was treated on mage disc was childish
tbh
mage disc is childish
warlock disc based
thats not a personal insult at all lol
there you go
pop off king
tell me about it
pop off king
yea apparently the mages in progress number 1 speedrun are just bad thats why arcfire did same dmg as them
pop
off
king
why do you come here
you just post angry bait
thats all you post

he called me psychotic too
last time
anyone who disagrees is psychotic
like literally just search from:scanlawn. no content, no contribution. every single thing is just bait/mad
thats it
idk why its so hard for the mages just to say, yea ok we were wrong about arcfire for speedrun
I been wrong before
its fine
its not gonna ruin you
youll be okay
or yea, we were wrong about skull
its because you are so obsessed with your weird wow discord gamer ego
you cant just take an L
just take the L
its all good broski
i dont care to argue anymore man
its dumb
but scanlawn comes here every day trying to bait fights and insult ppl
calling ppl psychotic and shit
nah its not just me
true
god i hope warlock discord agrees that warlocks should get the item i want so that my guild gives me it
excuse me it has come to my attention that Dive didnt even get a dreadsteed can he please be given the vanilla warrior role thanks
hes clearly less of a true warlock tthan me
he also does not have incubus I heard
you get dreadsteed because your a gangster
and you vendor your shit wolf
raptor is respectful
ud mount is only bis in last phase
its naxx bis
before then tiger then raptor/dreadsteed
abyss shard is bis
hmmm
the colors look good together
but unfortunately your a UD and that is unfortunately not bis
yea but classic lock was unbis in general
bis
fem orc always bis always always
what if when boss MC me instead of just blowing my bloodfury and shit he started to delete my items
god i hope warlock discord agrees that warlocks should get the item i want so that my guild gives me it
best part about this
is that ofc we agree that warlocks should get item
bruh
you still have ZHC?
BRO
peasant caller
what is this letter

what is this
NO YOU WONT


is this like UDC

!prio
o come the fuck on
yea but then I 8balled it for you
so you still owe me
ofc he got it
it dropped
he is jpaint
jpaints guild does healspls loot system
@jpaint whats a movie you would recommend
O I heard about this
my dad told me it was good
did you watch parasite
@jpaint FUCK MARRY KILL

CORRECT
Hmmm
lock disc always top theorycrafters
bringing diff perspectives togtehre
same time
noose
that was an easy one
the omni nut as they call it
its part of my final wishes
in my will
!prio
every class discord should have !prio
I alrdy posted it elswhere and just didnt change it
i think dive made like 3 good contents
!prio
Green Beam
and
idk he invented drain tank leveling or some other silly thing
for some reason ppl respect him
but im just a reroller
yea but why
what do you do for zeph
ah
owo
11 is too high for starboard
theres like 4 ppl that even know its a thing
The year is 3472. Classic wow reforged, season of mastery 725 is about to be released. I stare out the window, looking down at Zephans America, a new dictatorship that we have comfortably learned to live in as sheep. I open up discord and check the Warlock discord. I begin shitposting for my daily meal. I post, sitting in anticipation. 8 fucking stars. Ever since Zephan raised the starboard limit to 11 back in 2021 not a single post has made it to the starboard. I watch as the stars tick up to 9â€¦.it stays there. I look on praying one more starâ€¦just one more. Haste rating begins being discussed. I close my laptop in defeat knowing the retarded conversation is about to derail and drown out my post from being at the front of the page. I throw myself out the window. â€œFuck magesâ€¦â€ I think to myself, closing my eyes before I accept my fate in Zephans America
!pasta
!copypasta
did you delete my post lol
!mute Dive 8h bedtime
yea true
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/921888642547474442
hmm
zephan posting in PVE channel
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/921887463188865134
dam
so wait
you quarantined amazing commands
but we still have prostate
how do I know im at risk
I put finger up bumb but just had fun and then slept 16 hr
what if my butt hurts
so now you get the check hey
every couple weeks or so?
days?
hours?
thumb or index
were
yea im pretty sure my aunts cousin had it I need to get checked asap
like tonight
agree
no
hmm
I wonder if that happens to doctors
just a dude popping off during his exam
I wonder if that disgusts them or they feel like a bit of pride
like you know they just give him a lil nudge
and finish what they started
the implication
they could tho
gnight
$$$ talks
those are the bis doctor jobs bro
eye doctor too
you dont do shit
no stress
no problems
you just fuckin do an eye exam
or stick a finger up a butt
over and over
and make so much money
literally optometerist is bis they make bank selling the glasses too
they get hella paid
and just do eye exam say k buy thiss
and you do
and then if they fuck up you come back and just buy another set of glasses
nah
i did ssc and tk
there was nothing new
I suspect it might be new gems are in mags gem bag
i have 20/20 vision dont need goggles
!copypasta
lol Bael owned w that take
yea class discord mods be like that
average players with massive egos
idk im a warlock reroll
its some kinda meme
ye
bro him lying about aoe dps benefit of spriest zzhardoom while calling other ppl bad faith kekw
Keeping up misery/weaving on more targets or something
but realistically some small amount of haste rating is keeping like one more dot up
its feels
i mean one thing that is true is most spriests still sit on prince dagger
and so I guess its a p big upgrade personally for them
but yea its still mostly a feels thing
which I mean its also a feels thing for warlocks really
we just have raid dps on our side
yea i mean their OH is really good and zhardooms crit is wasted on them
gear in this game is dumb
all the upgrades suck
yea true

lool
this was spriest leaking
Might be a little too late at this point to manipulate your way into it. I've been randomly saying "zd sp prio" for months, and guys in here have been playing mindgames with their guilds since naxx.
all the support casters in my guild just like "I will be overhit if I dont get zhardoom"
im like yea me too
thats just way she goes
!prio
banned for #shadow-pve
gg
only the channel but mayb discord soon
mayb just me
@Blow I blame you
jk I dont care I think I got everything I could from that disc anyway
dam removed from other spriest disc too rip
passion needed to hear it
idk why ppl say im a sperg when they literally try to insult me personally over and over. I stick to the topic at hand

suchc sperg
o well lmao
doesnt beat quags in full bis but in mid bis it might krymer
iirc
it wasnt worth getting
ppl wouldnt treat passion the way they do if he didnt act the way he does. I wont be the first nor the last  :p
no we are gonna watch tonight in guild probably @jpaint
lots of ppl havent seen
we do peepocozy guild movies
also my ret/boomy combo just quit (hes in both raids)
recruiting ret/boomy
or mayb another lock
Dont Look Up
wait what
oh haha
like do movies in lock cord?
im down
o yea we just discord stream them
off 123series
fair
just start streaming movie in your guild disc ppl will come watch @Louki its a great time
good for trash farms and stuff
bro cmon
I have job
I  used to do social interactions before pandemic
rip me
thats why I have krymer blocked still he can be chill af but every once in a while he just gotta pop off on you and call you names
its ok krymer
not all
like
50%
currently
full blocked was like 6 months ago this is like when ppl give me shit for saying fury warriors dont have raid spot 6 months before TBC launch just like everyone else did
i mean dps warr is fine now lets be honest goated class
but ppl defs thought support classes wouldnt be so dog, and also thought hunters would be better
hunters disappointed
fury rose to take their spot
also it was alot of private server memories of rough mechanics for rmelee
ppl thought you would like just die on Leo
as a fury
now ppl just intentionally take Leo WW dmg
for rage
yea
I think fury will continue to flip expectations because fight are going to continue to be easier than they were on private server at this poit
shorter fights = fury good
mecahnics not killing you = fury good
well they say its dog till ICC
but well see about that one too
hmmm
idk hannu seems to me short fight = mage/warrior goated
long fights are for warlocks
calling out mods on their bs
as usual
and 30 min CD that lasts 15 s loool
i mean sure thats a low point for them
but shorter than that is getting better and better
I just wouldnt say warlocks like short fights
over mage/warr
thats an odd statement
lol I mean
the fact that you just tap and get mana back means every class who doesnt have that gets hurt way more by long fights
warlock has sustained dmg
idk I havent heard any more about the gems
yea I doubt that will work
it seems weird not many ppl have said anything
youd think if ppl were getting somethnig from the gem  bag wed have a SS by now
what if hes all crit geared tho
mayb hit is useless stat
should be worth doing if you do it right
you get a GCD when you swap right, you want to do it during a GCD
so you tap > swap
and then before you swap back you tap again
alternatively just start fight w it equipped
and only swap out of it
yea well that would actually be kinda pog I think
if it did
you get the proc insta thats best case scenario
you get to take it off faster
its worth OVER  sitting there wearing bowiz for 10 seconds no proc
early is better than late
just get the value and get out
yes
!zhardoom
!prio
to think the spriests banned me and I am a warlock that gems crit to increase ISB
they dont know what they had
tru big hipster energy
You just havent seen good vaporeon pics
Sigh
You just got brainwashed because espeon is a psychic type
Rough
Mute the coon again
@bbq / tl419  any response
Flareon can enter the mix
If you want hot
Yea no
Reminds me of amy schumer
No spriest disc can I get bael onlyfans instead
What
So all priest mods just procrastinate hey
Warrior rerolls are the best I bet this chad at the top of WCL is a warrior reroll

pfft lusts
this man gets PI and innervate
what a chad honestly imagine warlock top of SSC this phase
why PI and innervate mages
clearly its better for lock
lol this raid is actuallly hilarious tho
noone else aoes on tide at all
1 scorch mage 2 other curse locks so he can doom
who cares about alabongo , æ‘å£å§å—’æ° is the new king
yea
hes the best

lol
hes not hero we need but hes the one we deserve
same as P1 in the end
gg
all stars
cringe
tv man is the best player in tier 5
!tag + tv man
i need weapons for when the mages come
70 upgrades is just stat weights - its not going to stop recommending hit past cap
you have to use your brain
when you make a set
and not go over hit yourself
what the fuck is zephan doing now

the fuck happened
is that like the alpha incubus
Greta bro I am reading and I dont see much toxicity. People are telling you what you need to know, not to rely on 70 upgrades to pick gear for you. This is good advice. You don't have to take offense about it.
have you guys heard the legend of tvman
Hes better than ahlahbongo
!tvman
no need to insult mages
just refute the central point that mages are good
by showing !tvman
thats what shaggy does I heard
and jpainting
secret mages
actually spoar does that
he pretends to hate warlocks in other discords
or he pretends to like warlocks here
noone really knows

did the shamans kick you
despite your shit talking
no
I cant search your name
in shaman disc anymore
so I had to rely on that one
tvman already did this
you have to beat tvman not alejandro
lmao
how did he ninja
he was the raid leader?
i woulda done it too tbh
theres always like 25 warr alts in wboss group
that have no gear
rolling on everything
why
will you quit dad guild
and take the loots
im reporting you to the authorities
can I join up
you still trolling SOM discords
i need ret pala on faerlina
mine quit
pls dont ruin my recruiting post
by posting your own
verry very rude
k
i thought that clip would be more gooder
with gooder rage
my boomkin told me that zhardoom was a 50 dps upgrade
yesterday
compared to maelstroms fury
thats what it says on boomy discord too btw

so I whip out the sim right
and using base settings its like around that level of dps gain
but I notice its completely over hit cap so chronicale does nothing
I take skull of guldan off
and its only 20 dps
like every other class
basically they calling it a 48 dps upgrade but its only 45 dps in full bis IF you have skull and are overhitcap
idk
i wrote doc u ment
so boomys have this sheet where every item is worth like 40 dps
because of some fuckin sim manipluation
nice gamers
one meme spec at a time
u like?
I have been converted
zdoom is boomy over spriest
for sure
zdoom is like 40 dps for boomy
even without skull
what rumours
All I know is spriest gets less than ele AND bpomy
From zdoom
Aoe considerations aside
Spriest is unironically bottom prio
Unforch
Yea just like they threatened to quit when they wanted atiesh initially
Boohoo
Ypu dont get second bis weap because you got given a legendary
For us they are
Yea 20 dps for spriest AND they just tax isb more
Theres really 0 reason for spriest to get other than their feels
It does
Hasting mind blast is effectively a cd reduction on mind blast
More mind blast = more isb tax
Yes
Isb tax  is meme but factual
Unlucly the spriest ops didnt see me coming
We tearing down their lies
The boomys know noe
They are rising up
Im omw to shaman land to spread the good word
Soon all the casters will band against the spriest lies
No thats tvman
!tvman
Banning me from spriest land was their greatest mistake
Now I have ventured to boomy land and learned the dark truth
Demo is the truth for hyjal parsing
Your wrong 5 squawk demo with hyjal 100% AS buff will rise again
!squawklock
I didnt believe boomy is 48 dps
thats basically only unmber im just realizing
I just assumed boomy and ele were in the same ball park as spriest
because I trusted you
unforch
if the spriests had contained my just a bit longer
they do oom
they need to self vate to use destro pot over mana pot
3 min
idk thats not my result
unless your using mana consumes
k
well yea
o probably
boomkin gets zhardoom AND skull before spriest gets either
if you care about dps
spellcloth boys
spellcloth finna moon
everyone quit tailoring
everyone wants bracers
still gonna moon

I think spellcloth is at least a safe investment
also yea im oracle
I dont think theres hella spellcloth speculators tho
I mean
okay
getting a 99 doesnt take skill
it takes raiding in a raid where ppl are trying
to some degree
and having the right buffs
there is no skill in 99
its just setting up the environment for success
what just because someone gets 90 doesnt mean they are bad
it can mean they raid in casual environment
I think that ppl have delusions of grandeur in this game and skill barely exists at all
theres just  a buncha stoned ppl who give no fucks about this min maxing
that doesnt mean they are " bad" and you are good
i dont think not caring = bad
and I dont think caring to min max = good
yes there are
2200 rating
probably pretty good
yea in pve
there is no skill
you arent good at the game
becaused you popped consumes in a min max comp
that doesnt make you "good"
there is no spoon
ther is no good
everyone is shit
ok so if you dont keyboard turn or click
you are good
I agree
theres a challenger league of legends player who plays on locked camera
is he bad
or good
yep
legacy players did nothing wrong
WCL just feeds ppl crack in form of pinks
my guildies dont catch spout
my guild > stabile's guild
over a month to kill vashj but we are capable of doing mechanics once we learn them
my ele sham tries to water walk me on lurker
I click it off like a chad tho
if your tank positions properly it shouldnt hit mages tho
like
thats tanking the boss 101
whattt
your voidwalkering
i just dont understand how that relatets to spout
but okieeee
healers are bad because they have never needed to be good
on private server bosses hit way different man
you HAVE to lead heals on your fury prot tank in vanilla private
and cancel cast
or he just dies
i dont thin thats true at all
I think healing is the highest skill role
it just doesnt require that skill
you cant just lump in all melee
its
Fury/Rogue easiest > enhance > ret > arms > hunter
latency for slam
you are fully latency bound trying to min max your slam after an auto
I have to use a weakaura swing timer that predicts my ping in order to min max my slams
its timing bound in the same way that spriest is
and you do have to react to changes in ahste and such like hunters
its probably harder than hunter tbh I just didnt feel like arguing
id aactually argue arms is harder because small latency errors are far more impactful, spriest just loses like amind flay tick if you are too late to slam you can fuck your rotation for next 10 seconds
the dps loss for mistakes is greater for arms
So guys the shamans and boomys were really nice and didnt make fun of me
A mage showed up at one point to call me a retard
Spriests are the worst
Well mage then spriest
Your being scammed
It's not too late to undo the spriest manipulation
I have aligned the elementals and   boomys to our cause
Lmao
Its ok
We will still farm hannusumm even w no zdoom or healer cloak
And thats what counts
Tvman will show us the way
Spoar can you stop firing shots
Sperg is also a very offensive term
Pls keep it pg 13
This is why we have bad PR
Its high time for atieshers to manipulate way into zdoom
Yea and you were wrong then too
Lol i dont care any more
Our atieshers decuded to stop using 0.5 phases early
Our atieshers decided to stop using 0.5 phases early
So its irrelevant
Yikes
Why
Alrdy been done
Benlock is a rat
Fuck ben
Represents the worst of warlocks
Prove your the real mayo
Say something only mayo would say
The fuck even
Whats your thoughts on nethervoid
Also crit gems?
Its not mayo
!mayhem
Im actually not sure on single target
Without reck
I think if you stuck a rogue in the feral group on single target no reck fight they would actually beat the warrior
but for cleave over a whole raid
cat pic is wholesome
helm off illidan isnt allowed
because you wont have wings
if you dont like wings
is the situation
!8ball mayo vestments?
!8ball how about now
unlucky
iirc its comparable
but arent you supposed to know sim better than anyone here
if real mayo
man
you guys are sus af warlocks
vests are bis
Im over here simming boomy and ele T6
and you guys dont even know your own class
give your head a shake
cirrect
correct'
fuck hit
its not mayo guys
mayo was huge on nethervoid
mayo isnt mayhem?
I missed mayo arc then
thats mayhem

you guys are sitting around meming w mayo
and im out here doing the lords work
there is no breakpoint
!unmute @Xelrog
!copypasta
fiery had to run for the hills before we found out afflic was dog
you turned namplates on?
Press V
unban me
from shadow pve channel
Can anyone read chinese and tell us what Tvmans real name is
æ‘å£å§å—’æ°
google translate says "Village Bartajie"
my holy priest would kill me
I cant troll about COH I need his heals
IDS strong tho
warlocks get more out of innervate and PI than mages TV man is proof
all of SSC
!tvman
???
because his second letter
in his name
looks like TV
æ‘å£å§å—’æ°
trash matters bro
yea
I got that far
thats cringe
also what if the other half got picked instead
then id be here alone
actually alone w jpaint
ill take it
always incubus
incubus demo 5 squawk hyjal MC buff
the 6 cock build
yea i agree
but demo incubus
jpaint is right
1 haste rating could mean an extra shadow bolt on even a <10 s fight
why
im right because im haste understander
lets say I have a 2.5 second shadow bolt cast right? And the fight ends at 7.4999 s.
What happens if I gain 1 haste rating
@mayo
fuck off
im right in the bosses ass crack
in this example
I said < 10 seconds
not 10 exact seconds
shaggy said my shadow bolts werent even real
thats not how haste works tho, fights arent always exactly 45 seconds
even attumen
there are windows throughout the fight wherre the haste upgrade will inch out one more cast.
and the chance you you get an extra cast improves with haste
you cant think of a fight as being an exact end point, its more like a random variable
and haste increases the probability you get 1 more cast
this becomes even more true when fights break into multiple parts, like you gotta move and stuff, because each time you move is a "chance" you get an extra cast.
Hm?
Spriest feels hard prio
Depends on what guild
Feels matter
Mages are dumb tho
Im so mad your right
I thought krymer quit mage
Why does he act like mage again
Once a mage always a mage?
I prefer rotations where I lose 33 dps clipping dots
Wait is scanlawns picture making fun of hungry box
And  mage
Why he still here
Its green headband jiggly crying
https://tenor.com/view/noela-angry-pout-loli-angry-loli-gif-22445335
I cant control my anger mages just make me so
Jk I just remembered
!tvman
Warlocks king for phase 1, phase 2
Soon phase 3
Cause youre racist
Imagine ignoring log just cause chinese but not ignoring 6 buff mage logs
And allabongo chicken adventure
That Chinese log is still up because its legit log
Imagine mages farmed by tv man
Also o hes in white discord
Nah
Chad gamer
Only shadow pve channel bc apparently passion has more power than bael
Wrongful ban tbh
I said nothing wrong
Go read me getting banned
All I said was its irresponsible to continue to lie about spriest zhardoom
Passion lost it
Its actually a testament to warlock mod basedness
Usually I get banned in a fit of mod rage as they struggle w dissonance
Jpaint was mad at me once tho started muting me alot he was close
But now
!jpaint
Dont sleep om jswap
On*
Secret tech
Its a real tech you doom w succ sac then summ imp and sac it
I doubt jpaint ever casts non dmg curse
That would make it hard for him to number 1 every raid
Ye
@jpaint
Tru?
Not sure about the massive part
Or just balls are massive yea
hannu gratz on starboard

scroll up and read scanlawn desperately trying to bait ppl and everyone just ignoring him like the chad locks they are
faq question why do no warlock discord mods play game
can you make me a mod so I can finally quit
fuk
theres really not enough incubussy being posted
@Scanlawn 5 pce tier 2 y/n
just y/n pls
should mage enchant and use
i need mage to answer
@Jujutsu
@Broski
which 5 pieces
wut
ah
yea very suspicious
yea this UI thing is actually quite nice
i also used two other sims yesterday @Linelo with same interface
boomy and ele
unfortunately spriest came dead last in terms of zhardoom value
ah you follow my endeavours from the sidelines hey
nah
boomy beats you either way
and mage can win too depends on your assumptions
mage also wins on AOE
its really spriest is dead last
if we are being honest at all
boomy just uses mana pots w no vate
and zhardoom still gives them more dps
than spriest
I use the real mage sim not this one tho
mage sim owning

it pops skull and drums into evocate
what a chad
thats what im trying to do
im doing the same
its just hard to get it exact
here scanlawn
i have a task for you
https://wowsims.github.io/tbc/mage/index.html

How fast can you get this sim to say zhardoom is better by more than 10 dps ? @Scanlawn  A smart mage should be able to do it pretty fast right
180 s fight
heres me trying
the fuck is that
less shit post
more proving you deserve zhardoom
over spriest
so second last
im actually having a pretty hard time
getting a dps gain out of zhardoom
I changed the elixir bro
it didnt do shit
how about you take my challenge
and make the sim show zhardoom is a gain
instead of just talking shit
p3 bis
its actually p concerning how offten I get major gains for TOC/chronicle
my mage wants zhardoom and at this point I dont actually care much about the prio
ok deleted
well id like to see single target first
!prio
what do you want us to talk about jpaint
https://wowsims.github.io/tbc/mage/index.html#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
@Blow  @Linelo
30 dps gain for my mage to get zhardoom
what have I done
actualyl @Stinson and @Scanlawn did it
imma say 
mage = lock > ele = boomy > spriest for zhardoom

As long as you care about AOE.
actually changed to ele=Boomy
but boomy should get skull
so mayb prio your ele
thats what I said right
skull after locks
sorry
haha
@Scanlawn can you please tell twizzles what I have done here and get me a pardon in mage land
k I take it all back
thats right
no good for aoe tho
someone posted a pretty owner femboy pic in my guild discord
but im scared to post here
mods close your eyes I wanna show Bael
ok
not yet
@Bael what you think
check femboy friday
its worth
theres a bare bum two posts up
I think I should be safe
you already hit dumbledore
how much of a fix you need bro
I just want to point out that the content being posted took an objective turn for the worst when Jpaint complained about us talking about the game

after this point today
shit went downhill
wah stop talking about a topic I dont want you to talk about in my discord
wah stop offtopic
dont pasta
dont spam
WHAT DO YOU PPL WANT
its really just a big circle jerk
and the mods choose if they like you on that day
either your part of jerk
or jerked on
like shaggy sometimes we vibin sometimes he callin me cringe out of the blue
sometimes jpaint is my best friend sometimes hes muting me
yea mods are experiencing dissonance bcause they want to be good mods but they also love shitposting and femboy dicks
its actually every cclass discord problem
mods have to keep things in line but also they cant resist joining in the shit posting sometimes
this creates mixed messages for us users
that just want to fit in
and mods to think we are cool
@Dive am I cool
that explains alot tbh
see I thought mods all at one point did something useful for discord
and now they get to retire by shitposting
and acting superior to everyone while not play the game or in jpaint's case playing very poorly
yea when zephan goes back mountains
most discords I end up getting banned becacuse I ream the mods for their hipocrisy muting some ppl while letting others run wild.

But here in warlock land, the mutes themselves are shitposts
and so
its actually all good
uh oh blow
unlucky
I found zhardoom to be 30 dps for mage
20-30
unhittable numbers for spriest
https://wowsims.github.io/tbc/mage/index.html#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
this is a setup for ele shaman
for my guild w 2 ele shamans
cringe
lmao
the person who made that believes in breakpoints
its mage=lock>ele=boomy>dreamstate >holy pala > spriest
nice dive good shitpost not shit
they literally get contested gear over others. cloak of the broodlord AND ebony flame

P3 bis for spriest
unironically tho they get a wand , boots, nethervoid cloak AND red gems
over other casters
and thats plenty
and belt
they get another wand
because thats how cringe they are
owo
its working btw

ele shaman land
literlaly tho
can ANY other caster say
they get that much prio
gem prio, cloak prio, belt prio
spoiled
where are you for zhardoom blow
thats why they call you cringe connoisseur
jk
well played
what guild is Linelo in and who are the casters that are simping for him
lets destroy his world
we pity the fool
rpgonly gg
nah I think Linelo is low T
i have gogs on both toons
I never even got T5 on warrior
thats how goggled I am
low T warriors using 4pce T5.... me and miley using leather offpiece w BS chest liek real chads
gg
if your arms warrior doesnt run BS chest hes actually a cringer

full chad
probably doesnt even have 2 vestments
we dont talk about that
it never dropped
which of my vestments should I link

another chad
no fathom stone fml
2 ashes 0 100D
no
I want ZG trinket
anyone on faerlina wanna come do ZG
for my trinket
incompatible you must be a virgo
sigh davos you dont have it
delete your cringe zandalrian charm
its never going to be good
!remindme never when davos uses his trinket
yea never
o man I wish I still had my bloodvine and TOC and ZHC so I could be bottom dps and coping about naxx again
if your aldor you know by now you fucked up
aldor is bis nothing
scryer is bis seed enchant AND bis trinket for resist sets
saph is bis ST enchant
scryer also BiS red carpet, belve bitches
bis elevator
theres literally nothing good about aldor at all
p sure jpaint is aldor
that should tell you enough
about going aldor
first you dont have bis seed enchant
then your not even using trinkets on bosses
then your skipping boots of blasting saying your hydross boots are good I swear
copiuming about skipping seed set entirely
its a bad look
aldor does nothing in pvp
you gain 0 rating by being aldor
fact
absolute aldor copium
tru
you have now fallen to personal attacks ad hominem one of the lowest hierarcchy moves
typical aldor gamer
i have a question while I have you here. 

You said that you dropped atiesh despite its raid dps benefit. 
But then you shill for crit gemming to increase raid dps. 

???? whats the deal????
cheers
have a nice day on minecraft
jpaint needs 2 more stars to make board
hes currently sweating
help the man out
I saw jpaint and kresh running into the closet
no tide
just ele
oops
i thought I turned off because I took it off cd section
https://wowsims.github.io/tbc/mage/index.html#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

@Blow fixed

IDK I gave you some wrong settings I guess I messed w it a bi
THE FUK
Fuck haste and fuck immolate
The only spec that matters is 6 cock. 5 squawk incubus demo
You just afk and yell for spriest MC buff
While incubus pops off
loool

i like anime paint better
hating anime is one of the lower IQ takes we see here on lockcord
im going like 260
and I thought I was being skimpy
I didnt explore options w full crafted
no vestments set
yes vestments set
2 sets I made for my guilds 2 raids
lots of options tho
ye SR capped prolly overkill tho I ffeel like I have p nice stats in these setups
if I get more pieces I can take off bloodgem and stuff
ðŸ™‚
i got 2
I mean its a luxury and ultimately doesnt matter
you could run normal vestments and just use 20 SR enchant
actually yea
these sets are both bad
always run 20 SR to head enchant
guess I didnt update them
20 SR lets you wear 5 orange gems
5 orange gems give 25 SP 20 hit , which is better than the helm enchant
its also cheaper
i mean you can porbably assume at least crafted cloak or bracers
why
o yea
thats why I said or bracers
as in if you dont get honored just make bracer
fix your rings
15% hit for no reason
o
fix your hit
imagine clicking on buffs and making it impossible to compare the set
P1

p2
you really think p3 gonna be any diff
china warlock numba 1
no
its important
because it makes ahlahbongo mad
its also important because stabile was adamant that hunters were the best dps on magtheridon
hunter good too but lock easily just as good if not better
for mags
as I said
oracle
imagine falling to hunter bait in P1
bugs?
PI funnels
?
i dont care
lock number 1
i should be freed from passions chains
yea it would utterly ruin parsing
parsing is cringe tho but
it would be aids meta
I voted yes to ban it on bosses
ye
Id have to play DW arms to parse
2h w 100% attack speed is just gonna get invalidated as a spec
fuck that shit
whats the pin
yae
I like the idea of using iit for speedruns
and seeing what they come up with
@Blow what pin
whats the dumbest thing I ever said
Because you once said sappers are bad
Im tryna think of my dumbest take
I think its been purged by my dissonance
nah all my takes are remarkable
upon review
Maybe something I said during DB/Crul arguments in vanilla
wait what was that one
hahahaha
yea I guess thats p troll
shaman dmg is not negligible actually
when doing arcfire analysis
but flame cap
is prety cap
I dont think I was being super srs there tho
idk I think your giving that one too much credit
dont hear about flame cap very often
they said my warlock parses dont count
nor my gold parse on Netherspite as arms

they wont give it
they said to ask the pink names here
for a role
@Bael role?
hahaha
do you love me louki
you missed this man linking your posts the other day
he was quoting you
saying that you said seed set is unviable
but your quote actually said seed set good
https://discord.com/channels/260297137554849794/699626386834587678/933842590439186522

idk what this means but shots fired I think
yea
we didnt get quite that high napkin mathing it
but mayb I fucked something up
yea exactly
I commented that 90 dps is your napkin number without haste
and that it would be indeed slightly higher w haste
so yea you can see how you get to 100-160
it was close enough that I really could care less either way
ppl just assume im seething mad about losing a totem of wrath
i dont care if they wanna magma on all the trash
3 crit on seed doesnt matter to me
if it was seed resists
that would be sad
ele shamans are fine
they know their place
just Jelly = cringe

because I didnt have a number for seed dmg memorized
lul
i had 1000-4000
true
I didnt do that
I cannot be of service to any raid or community
because I dont memorize random numbers
lmao
doxxious
â¤ï¸
yea he wanted a dps number per unit without crits which was not clear
that was what he was trying to get to
based on the actual math we did
its not really close
its kinda close at aoe cap
call magma 100-120 per target
7 targets = 700
yea its not close
my bad
100 per lock at cap mayb 30 for shaman from 3 crit
330 vs 700
on 7 mobs
magma toteming is fine
@jpaint
what was my dumbest take
because it seems the eles are right
yea
yea
so call it 112 dps
multiply by 4 locks
448 dps
now
shaman gets 100 dps per target
I got a similar number an hour ago w napkin math
mhmmm
well how many targets are you considering
I think they lose mayb 30 dps
from losing 3 crit
which I already did write
yea yea sure
but they would have a GCD to cast totem of wrath too
wouldnt they
magma*
yea sure
I mean you are gonna get kinda closer ish
but magma is still gonna come out a head
on most aoe scenarios
100-130
avg cast dmg 200-260
2 second ticks
and we are quoting 112 dps AT CAP for a warlock
so cap is like 7 mobs minimum
so you arent going to beat magma totem there
and its not really close
yea and 8-9 is just gonna get worse
there is an aoe cap on magma
they had some math doing magma cap dmg
its still not gonna be close
eles
tho linelo and I DMed
so
it mainly just passion = cringe
everyone else is in agreement that spriest gets the least from zhardoom
they wont I alrdy simmed it for them
its trash
spriests as a whole have spread more lies than any other classs discord
and they will need alot of time to undo that damage
just remember, spriest breakpoint is a lie, zdoom is 20 dps
smaller than any other caster
spriest zhardoom is move strictly to appease the feels of your sad-ow priest
yea alot of cringe youtubers somehow got tricked into believe you need a breakpoint and giving you prio on items to hit said breakpoint which is actually worth 20 dps at best
and the reason
is because of a doc on spriest discord
that claims a breakpoint exists
the inital zed
yes
yea you guys just have alot of reparations to make because you had 0 understanding of your own class for 3 phases
and spread silly lies about it
if you didnt have linelo to make you a sim youd literally still be running around saying 146 breakpoint
with no idea how much dps youd even gain
this
as un unbiased investigator of spriest I have concluded that they spread rampant lies about their dps misleading their entire community
into taking downgrade items over others that could have had upgrades
the amount of fail that sprests have done since P1 is massive. Their bis lists have been rampant w errors, putting like 3 different wands as bis that were not bis. 

I remember me an innocent brain dead warlock on kara week 1 passing tirisfal wand to a spriest because it was on their bis list
how many more have suffered
spriests taking Tier 5 for a dps loss while their holy allies
sit naked
i got ruby drape, moroes neck, tier 4 shoulders, AND TLC all week 1
if you present yourself as an authority and write content like WOWHEAD BIS GUIDES that are meant to be guides to the masses, then yes you spread lies, whether the intent was malicious or not
a lie doesnt have to be malicious intent
it can be a failure to do your due diligence as an authority
aka incompetency
thats right they allowed the convenient lies to spread far longer than they should because of their greed.
the continued existence of the FAQ message claiming zhardoom is better for spriest than any other caster, long after its been disproven is testament to the shadow priest corruption
its no longer incompetence and rather intentional manipulation of this game's community
for personal benefit
and yes they censor any truth bringers, banning them
in an attempt to preserve their ruse
yes, but bystanders like @Bael allow it to happen
and look on
they are complicit in my eyes
jk bael tried tru
I dont lament giving spriests loot
I lament their corrupt community and figureheads that allow for such corruption to continue
do you know how cooked my spriests were because they looked at wowhead guides and spriest disc FAQ?
literally brain dead retarded picking hit items when they are over cap
I had to sit down at 70 upgrades and show them how fucking stupid spriest info was
many guilds dont have a stalwart defender like myself
i think you should get 5/5 T5
its a new set for us this phase
so it must be good
and you should definitely take it over other classes
because its a new set
also this is very little loot given to us this phase so make sure your LC knows how disadvantaged you are and prio you on zhardoom
uh oh
he said the nova word
didnt it get debunked
no more nova
BASICALLY IF YOU WANT ZHARDOOM YOU HAVE TO ZVZ 1V1 ME ON 2000 Atmospheres
@Linelo want to 1v1 sc2
if I win you have to get me unbanned spriest disc and pass zdoom
if you win I will start shilling spriest lies
has to be zvz
gues you play protoss hey
unlucky
you just gave up prio
new new spriest disc
w only honest moderators
hannu zvz 1v1?
unlucky no prio
for you
yea warlocks that play zerg
that makes sense
yea staff shit
your right
pass it
god you guys are so easy to own w facts n logic
can you delete his post pls
hannu arent you better than this
your literally getting baited by the most basic bait of all time
its like if Linelo just stuck a fishing pole in the water, no lure, no worm and hannu swallows the hook grabs the line starts reeling himself in
I challenge any class discord leader to come 1v1 me zvz for zhardoom
and I will shill for said class
if I lose
except not that one dude on mage disc that was master tier
here fishy fishy
well we had magma totem talk earlier
and yuo still wont tell me my dumbest take
lock mage > ele boom > spriest is the correct ranking
but spriests have special feeling debubff
where they will cry alot if you hurt their feelings so you might need to cleanse the debuff with a zhardoom unlucky
this can be countered by not playing with little bitches
god dammit hannu
it will happen in some try hard raids
not hannusumm's tho
hannu summ runs a rogue
Hannu summs spriest is a 4pce T5 coper
ZD ele first, SOG Boomkin first, and ToC to prot. Locks can get waistwrap first though
I think its objectively unfair that you get to bait here
and I cant bait shadows
but lock mods are based
!ban Linelo
fuck


this should be enough explanation
yea linelo is too nice to come up w good bait
https://tenor.com/view/no-nooo-nope-eat-fingerwag-gif-23757070
jpaint I watched the movie it was pretty good 2x boobas
all holys are going weaving
5 set - reduces cast time of mind control by 1 second

this is hyjal bis
god I feel my IQ leaving my body every time I try to understand what linelo is saying
hes like an energy vampire
draining my mind and soul
strong shadow priest
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u_xSilxHFns
for the record, it definitely does sim better single target for a ele shamn than a warlock
~50 dps ele
~45 boomy
~20 lock
aoe ofc lock is better
but no, not single target
thats vs next phase 2nd bis weapon
so vs TOC
and dagger for ele
its like 80 dps over nexus key or something
TBH I still think its not gonna go in locks favor
but we could check
the lock/mage argument is AOE
not single target
its only relevant if your aa 4th dimensional being that transcends time and space
none of this matters
we are all particles
tell passion to 1v1 me in SC2 for creative control of all spriest related material
ty
god dammit
spriest lies are so powerful
thats fucked up
hmmm I do really wanna see bigtitgothgf again tho
ALL MY ENERGY HAS BEEN DRAINED BY THE VAMPIRE
IM DONE
lemme know when we talk about something else
I heard the diff between cutting helm and cutting shoulders in sunwel is tiny
but ill sim it later
ill be sure to check the 45 second attumen sim too
just in case I get 0 dps
lmfao
meh
the tailoring chest is better
I got 11k
mayb 12 if I didnt listen jpaint and gemmed spellpower
bruh
just leaving me hanging w mayo
Linelo your full blocked I have no energy to argue w idiot
im watching ufc too
kinda hot isnt it
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
I like the part where they "grapple" each other and wear no shirt
He is and your trolled
Wait what chokon sim jpaint
The sukonma list?
jpaints old posts abouit zhardoom

made me realise its not even bis
man his takes are so good and correct and accurate
unlike mine
yea year first idiots
jpaint how can you be a programmer and have such terrible takes on date format
SEED FIXED
SEED FIXED
GUYS SEED FIXED
Me too
hmm
I hit my aoe cap around 10
depends on my lootprio next phase
with enough haste mayb 20
dam
um
yea good point bael I can do like 14 w sapper
jpaint stuck at 10
im still wondering what my dumbest take was
thats fucked up
wait if a spriest applies weaving with my zhardoom I think I can hit 25
I just have to give the spriest zhardoom and my aoe will SOAR
i mean 2 year olds are like
barely able to walk
im pretty sure in all srsness any grown man can do 50
they dont climb on you they arrive at your shin and get punted
i thought this was a srs convo
and your saying 2 yr olds are invuln?
k well im owned by one then
eventually I will fall asleep and he will kill me
ill stand in baels holy nova real real real close to him
how many petris
I think in naxx I will be able to take them for sure
just wait til im hit capped
10 horses
birds are scary
especially giant birds
birds are fucked honestly
hate em
you ever learn about duck reproduction @jpaint
ducks dont consensually reproduce, they just rape the females.

Because of this female ducks have elaborate "maze like" vaginas with fake doors and shit. More illustruous ducks have more elaborate vaginas.

To combat this, male ducks evolve to have even more elaborate corkscrew penises, to try to tunnel into the female duck
google it
I think alot do
also a ducks fully extended corkscrew penis is usualy larger than the duck itself
i really dont like birds
I have this fear that one day birds will get smarrt enough to band together and humans will be fucked
I get nightmares about it
imagine 50 birds just swoop down and lift you and drop you
or even just peck you
my favorite animal is the octopus
camouflages
smart
cool ink spell
o yea forgot about the tentacles
no but srsly octopus are really cool
no
and did I really write "fun fucked"
editing
my balcony is also plagued by pigeons
and they are so fucking obnoxious
they coo coo and recently they got smart enough to not fly off when i come to the door
I have to actually go outside and shoo them
and sometimes they just come straight back
fucking savages
srsly if birds had like 20 more IQ they could own humans forever
yea man
like even insects are that smart bees go hard
birds could literally pop off on you any minute
and theres nothing you can do about it
they are everywhere they know everything
fuck
that
i saw a video of a biker in south africa getting chased by ostrich
didnt sleep for 3 days
sold my bike
the zoo literally lets peacocks just fucking walk around bro
actually terrifying
dude not fucking many
like mayb 4?
shit
have you ever been pecked by a bird
shits savage
this too
the fuck
yo
bro
i need to go to bed soon
lool
no longer scared of birds
just jpaint
how many birds you think you could take
peck
wing attack
whirlwind
gust
mirror move at high level
15 coordinated birds would literally destroy you and teabag you all the way to heaven
no shot
they peck the eyes, the head the butthole
you literally wouldnt even see half of them coming
wouldnt know never did cam
why
yea thats rough
birds literally own snakes all day
LITERALLY eat them for breakfast
didnt you hear mayo
they carry more diseases and shit
ok so first they kill you slow now they kill you fast
they still dont peck you to death while invoking a sense of sheer terror and powerlessness

169 million
lol google is stupid
thats their only weakness
one int buff
one mage bird
and its over
peregrin falcons dive into your skull at 200 MPH literally sniper drone attack from space
birds have a very diverse moveset based on species

mosquitoes kill more humans than HUMANS
and we think we are the alpha species
this raptor turkey actually exists
dive whats your favorite animal
gratz me boys
I bet your RL can't even operate the mage sim
idk can show progress runs using it
see the gap between arcfire and arcfrost is p small even w arcfrost getting all the innervates
wrong tvman is top dps in the game rn
!tvman
imagine you care about that at all
and that will just make parses completely slanted towards speedrunners wont it
like even more so than they already are
o so just overall dps?
still thats gonna slant the leaderboard just to speedrunners
lol nah
everyone cares about every possible place for them to see their name and get validation
it will literally just be basically a sort by speedrun on leaderboard
just a second speed ranking
because you have X miniumum mobs in speedrun fixed
the dmg you deal is fixed
dmg/time  in run
= dps
wat
they had an option to be after a threshold of time , idle time counts
meh
fuck it
doesnt matter
I just think speedrunners mald if they arent on top of leaderboard
and complain alot
shiptposting bad

im disappointed in name but
owo

HOW FAT
i feel like ppl playing a 15 year old game for the PvE which is super easy are equally retarded
ppl play for the social if they like the pvp
who cares
we all a buncha nerds either way
lmao
yea because before you didnt have raids w 25 warriors
its not fotm rerolling its literally having to reroll to have a reasonable comp lmao
literally any competitive guild had half their roster swap their main guaranteed
LOL reroller noobs
And ofc it will happen again because even dads gravitate to meta comps
Thats a cap
Ppl would rather stay in their guild and play w their friends than find a new guild
Not even about conpetitive even my dad guild was approaching 20 warrs
In naxx
I dont know wotk but no. Our guild just tried to make reasonable comps for the expac knowing it wont be 100% optimal each phase
We arent like rerolling our boomys cause they are a bit unoptimal
but yea shaming ppl who reroll their main so their guild can have a reasonable raid comp is so cringe
Im the only warrior in guild that "rerolled" warlock (still play my warrior).
Another rerolled hunter
another rerolled prot pala
etc
ppl gonna swap mains and it isnt just FOTM bandwagoning
and sure some ppl really wanna keep playing their classic main and thats fine too
yea cause your cringe and have some sort of ego about living through vanilla as a warlock
like a buncha other ppl here
what you cant imagine liking 2 classes/
your trolling lmao
I think that sure you personally might like warlocks so much and cant imagine playing another class
but if your saying you cant understand that other ppl don't mind playing 2 classes, or even enjoy another class in the game
then it sounds like your trolling
yes
everyone has different ways of enjoying the game and its not always from one class in particular
i dont remember any purple T10
I remember blue
then green 10.5
from normal IICC
and then red if you did heroic
hmm I do have that
should I use that?
you using scarab for mother?
when you get TPed?
or just for bear tanking illidan flames?
wtf
your playing mage w no spriest
and cutting locks cause no spriest?
are you playing fire for locks
since no spriest
that actualy makes sense
so your actually just mage now
alright it was cool knowing yea your full blocked idiot
pack it in
melee stack guild
this man had hidden mage alt this whole time
how many other of you
are cringe
secretly
yea mods are all mage simps secretly
already knew that
predictable
you hover on the edge
sometimes your trolling locks
in other discords
you have no commitment to our cause
WOW
2nd warning
pog
your a mage bro
my warlock had bloodvine just like all you nerds in classic
stop calling me reroll its insulting
skycrab your full blocked I have no enerfy to argue with idiot
wrong
my first post was much earlier
you just only remember me showing up when I fought strongtusk in P6
or whatever his name is
yes
but I had alrerady lurked here in the shadows
ffor quite some time
my first post
it was a joke
its old meme from me saying that to krymer
then heres me teaching you all how lip worked in P3 :
farming mara before landslide even discovered

yea marki mark
point is I did all this same shit
I farmed MC for TOEP and Mage blade
then I joined guild and got cucked on neths tear for 3 phases
then guild fell apart when I was up for tear
join new guild in AQ
get cucked on loot again
do naxx 1ce w mageblade
guild falls apart again
and now im here
and then I owned sureshank on frost res gear and he accused me of dming him child porn
and never posted again
also I ended up not leveling my lock because 2 friends in my guild discovered parasite farm and boosted me 28-60 over night in a barn while I slept
they had 40 toons multibox
and they would use the toons outside of group to kill like tons of parasites at once
my lock unironically probably has more play time than half of you "lock main non rerollers"
because I farmed mara so much
yea
i mean I had warrior and lock
I like the lock farm in mara
I think I have more playtime than half the ppl here because they just raid log and buy gold tbh
so you have played lock since same time as me
sounds like you rerolled lock
in P3
boom
there it is
cringe
rerroller
so you didnt even ding 60 in P1 or P2
and your a warlock discord mod
skycrab
i very much doubt that they wont get completely replaced by fire mage squad
even in SOM
idk I played in a guild for a bit that didnt police debuffs. I did BWL and used dmg curse and corr and I had no shot of ever competing w warr dmg
wbuffs or not man
this guild would die
yea its not wbuffs its just warrior OP
buffs or not
consumes or not
shit is subjective
cor defs one of the highest dps spells in game
but cmon
warlocks were shit
good at leveling tho
Dive specialty
still shit
lmao 990 dps
100 ilvl

farmed by ele shaman even
they are actually the WORST ranged dps
other than boomkin
and spriest
if you isolte rag tho

they are better
obvs aoe strong on aoe fights in MC
defo not shit
make a priest reroll role
put yourself in it
because no AOE
and no dum shadow resisting bosses
but we were good in BWL once we got bloodvine
in P4
so P3 is bad prolly
P4 might be better
history lesson for you rerolls
yea I would top meters in BWL by not dying
and keeping my buffs and try harding
id hearth out and shit lmao
haha
you were like really bad at warlock tho
jk
trivialized by wbuffs tbh
complex = heroic strike first dmg ability but its not actually good so you have to learn to not use it
and then you get wbuffs and spam 3 buttons
horde side you actually did have to think a bit about threat
alliance side brain dead
only really on saph and PW for me
but the 2 tank strat on PW fixes it
we were often doing saph no wbuffs
so
perception skewed
tank had to wear chonk gear
ally tanks taking gressil THC
my biggest mald
fuckin so cringe
im p sure a 2h arms warrior would still outdps a warlock
in any vanilla raid
and thats considered unviable
gz
but yea your gems are weak
will it be SR piece?
or  seeding piece?
or perhaps spellpen piece
i did SR for mine
because I dont think its best for seeding
I think still better to run mag gloves
and obli 4 set
but if your doing a capped set
for hyjal
could be good
wtf is that about
fuck seed bug
report wings bug
ye
it makes your eyes glow
we vibin?
we vibin
oblivion will be better under cap untill you get haste items that conflict oblivion in sunwell/ZA
but there is a question of creating an overcap set for hyjal
yea
i tihnk crit set for overcap in hyjal seems bis but also marginal meh
crit set for overcap is best in a lock stack with even aoe dmg, the more cleaver melee you add the faster the pack will become a non-overcap pack
and I havent tested Hyjal to have a feel for that
Id just rather build up a haste set as haste comes in
than worry about a crit set
but its probably a good thing for min maxing
I just think hyjals gonna be this sleeper thing anyway
indeed yea if your mainly hitting capped stuff you might cut oblivion @Xavus
Beaver Tails are a canadian pastry
not actually the tails

deep fried pastry with toppings
and I think justin bieber is gonna release Bieber Tails soon
with some sort of sugary cereal topping theme
they are pretty dam good yea
@rubberfish had a 60% crit set
link?
i have more hot canada food pics but Imma need at least contributor
id hit that
yiikes
alliance
no vestment
no goggle
tfw marco has 3 wrlocks
and you have more vestments
than him
your gonna want crit metagem
and your gonna want crit cloak
also he loses a gem slot in helm
but yea obvs you still use the metagem
gremmers a mage now so his brain is kinda
degrading
ya hes just making meme max crit
lmao gremmer would miss the crit enchant
what
what
ketchup opposite = mustard
mayo opposite =  idk butter or some shit
BBQ opposite =  Ranch or something
BBQ and ketchup are both tomato based
cant be opposite
idk if mayo can really have a opposite
actually the french use mustard on fries
their mayonnaise is dijon + mayo
and its main thing they serve w fries
french = opposite of english
french use mustard where we use ketchup
therefore
Im right
dive sauce tier list pls
yea your definitely an expert in that

you guys ever have that Sesame based sauce japanese hibachi places put on rice
i like poke but its not what im talking about

its this shit
yea its like off white color
japanese village has it
and this other sushi place
but idk
o ok
I dont see it all japansese places
but I have seen it in restaurants in very different places than my location
high tier if considered a sauce and homemade
but idk if its sauce
btw my guild is named sauce
the one you all make fun of for clearing vash slow
theres also a soup on faerlina and they are trash
and likely stole our name idea
o shaggys here
vegemite take
is that a sauce
mayo is a sauce tho?
mayo is a spread
im so curious what it tastes like but I also think I dont want to know
whats right way
i see

i like the sweet chili sauces you get at like thai places
sate peanut sauce
big mac sauce
its not just thousand island
curry is sauce
mayo is not sauce
aioli is just garlic mayo you idiots
how did hannu come in and literally just say this
noone knows
ok new topic
ice cream flavors
go
I really like strawberry
haagen dazz strawberry
or anything w peanut
mint choc chip is a sin
depends if you are talking in terms of raw dps, or the % dps increase
the former gets more % increase
the latter gets more raw dps
1.7-1.9
try haagen strawberry its nuts
little pieces of real strawberry
but not too much
flavor?
i think that good quality ice cream still beats sherbet but what does gelato count as
For sure
Any brand you like better
Haagen I can buy at the store 2 min from home when im high as fuck craving it
Its not just lock count its all casters
And I think generally speaking you want like 9 casters+
Ele sham dont count
So more than 2 casters
only in sunwell
sunfire robe
doesnt illidari council have a reason to have pen
the spell resist aura
and full yello gems
quag bowiz lol
imma wager
that its 1 s
:p
yea but then no haste gems
msd is 320 haste?
then yea
p sure your gonna be able to cap
(2.5 / 1.3 -1)  * 1577 = (rating to cap in lust)
1455 rating to cap
320 here 320 quags 280 bowiz = 920
drums =80
so we are at 1000
need 455 more from gear
or other procs and shit I  forgot
skull 175
and yea I count over 300 from gear
just looking at sunwell bis
Does msd have icd
No
Blow uses msd to clip dots better
Nice
You shouuld show your GM how  well you played on ptr w haste
And how much dps your gonna gain
Lose gain
Same thibg for spriests
@spoar
just remember we get the vates and PI now
tvman proved it
!tvman
negative
didnt we find out that nova not worrth
idk anymore spriests ban me
just be good boy and MC
they lie about haste gear in an attempt to get prio on it
the spriest bubble is basically one with very low understanding of their own class/role or others and a bunch of loot hungry parse chasers
i can still go priest disc but no shadow channel
I got banned for nothing just calling out a lie
literally didnt insult anyone
nah those support classes actually do still want loot but they want loot that actually meaningfully upgrades their toon
not just a piece of gear so they feel appreciated
its not.
the fact that I am the one telling you guys about spriest Mind Control in Hyjal
that you dont know your bis til mid phase 5
that you continue to shill for haste gear prio despite knowing its terrible for you
that I have to explain in end P5 that fire locks dont grief ISB because you run shadow too
spriests literally just have low understanding of game
of their own class
of other classes
its fact
if you didnt have Linelo to make you a sim
youd still be shilling T5 gear and zhardoom greatest aoe dmg increase for spriest
imagine  entire class gears incorrectly and needs ONE person's sim to realise their mistake
spriest wowhead guides are easily the MOST edited and have had the most errors
every phase
yea so you guys have allowed your class members to essentially run around with their heads chopped off for 2 full phases
because you are that clueless
its not like the guides on disc were any better
they were just as wrong
they had T5
also in P1 there was guides on spriest disc that were just wrong also
and yea noone had a clue about hyjal MC which was common knowledge for people who played TBC before
its just evident that you guys dont really know what your doing
its realy not the one paragraph
My spriests came to me in P1 showing me guides on your disc that had blatantly false sets recommending to take all sorts of gear that was non upgrade
from kara
from mag
etc
handwraps
tirisfal wand
hmm what else
err srry not handwraps
soul eater
both gloves arent bis at once lmao
yes
but thats not on the guide
it just says "these are bis"
doesnt mention the other ones
then you finally made a decent guide late in P1 that showed the diff gearing options
still wasnt backed by sim, still missed a number of green pieces that were just better
gets updated
by end of P1 it was basically correct
but ultimately useless
P2, Guide completely wrong again
takes again months to fix it
dmg was done
loot was wasted
and you are essentially actively trying to do the exact same thing in P3
haste gear
13-20 dps gain zhardoom if perfect play
same for ring
skull on bis list and literally isnt even a dps gain
So yea, the spriest discord has 0 credibility at this point.
is what it is
exactly , you are misinformed because of spriest lies
the number was 146, and it turns out its completely dogshit
you barely even notice the breakpoint on a sim
because the breakpoint is trash
no you did make up the lies
it was on your word doc
146 was what you were shilling for 2 full phases
til you got sim
youd still be shilling it if linelo didnt make sim
and show just how small breakpoint is
zhardoom to hit breakpoint gives ~20 dps. zhardoom off breakpoint gives ~10 dps
its never actually good
my point is you act like an authority on your class but in fact are completely clueless this mislead COUNTLESS players including this random dread guy here
it spread to other class discs that trusted your authority
because you claimed to be authority
without knowledge
being clueless is one thing but making guides/faqs/answering ppl's questions as if you are correct is the real sin here
nope
no blow. it is 20 dps for an spriest, it is easily half as good as it is for any other caster.
they get gains from haste, but they are so pathetically small for spriests compared to any other class
that its terrible for them
blow link the shadow priest sim
these guys can play with it themesleves
and decide for themselves
how shit haste is for spriest
like your are STILL dodging and saying "haste is good haste is bis" without acknowledging that its simply better for other classes
you KNOW its true
but you refuse to say it
this is spriests in a nutshell
your goal isnt sincere . You would rather manipulate ppl into making poor decisions so that you collect loot
"If you are bad at the game, you will likely not see any meaningful dps gains from haste as a shadow priest. If you are good at the game, then you will understand that haste is SIGNIFICANTLY better for other classes and pass to them"
"you will likely not even notice a dps gain from zhardoom"
like literally every time we talk about this some guy like Dread arrives and is completely misinformed about spriest. This is the damage you guys have done and make 0 effort to undo, because it benefits you in terms of taking loot.
nah im looted
I just reallly dont like class discords pretending to help ppl and in fact lying through their teeth with greed as their motivator
even spriests in GOOD guilds believed in 146 haste breakpoint, T5 4pce being bis, and the rest of spriest disc lies
and you are right blow that in dad guilds dps isnt the ONLY factor for doing loot. But you also know deep down that these items are completely wasted on you
and want them anyway
and refuse to admit it
still dodgin
the fact that passion is even still allowed to be a figurehead of spriests when he doesnt even play spriest anymore, is constantly wrong in his takes, gets angry and starts spewing insults at ppl on a regular basis, is just a metaphor for how clown the spriest community really is
its not just locks
and its not just slightly
its more than  HALF as good for you than a ele /boomy
but almost certainly your boomy and ele in your guild dont know this
because of your own lies
because they are your friends
show your gear
anyways we arent mad that spriest get gear
you will get plenty of gear
in P3
its not our fault you dont scale and blizz didnt make upgrades for you
again its not so much that you want an item so you can have a trophy. Its that you continually pretend its a good use of the item, and spread lies about the benefit you get of said item
Noone ever said that.
I agree
yes it is.
20 dps is dogshit
for zhardoom
what have I said thats even wrong
im sptting straight facts
back to the old appeal to authority
and trying to insult my guild
its really not
we didnt really have attempts on vash first few weeks because we had attendance issues and you act like its because we are all clearly terrible at the game
yet we get competitive kill times and do quite well every phase
we have limited time to play while others clocked 40 attempts on PTR or in first week
taking a bit to clear vashj doesnt mean we are dogshit at the game and shouldnt care about performance, its a fallacy.
and its the only insult you have
I STILL havent insulted you once in this discussion
yea
same shit
I havent made any sort of attack on your guild or your person
it doesnt anger me its just irrelevant
even if we couldnt kill vash cause we sucked (not true we just didnt have time to do attempts and key ppl got banned/couldnt come raid  first few weeks). But even if we couldnt kill vash cause we were dogshit, then that means we actually need to focus on performance more so your idea that "shit guilds shouldnt care about performance" is still false.. @Blow
thus
its not a good argument
>Happened to our SPriest with Wand of the Forgotten Star, only one has dropped so far - I don't mind that it went to the SPriest LMAO
LMAO
a green wand is better @Star
this is exactly what im talking about
being misinformed on what loot is good for them and causing their guild to make piss poor decisions for their feels
yea classic support class bullshit
yea "for their feels"
yep
well I havnt checked
but I assume yep
false
blow wrong again
trying to attack me personally again
im not banned priest
im not banned shaman
its spriest channel, warrior, mage
not half the classes
but your basically replacing nearly every slot this phase zhardoom or not
lmao
again classic spriest logic
"i play for loot so everyone else does too"
the fact that you instantly stoop to personal attacks, sneaknsally is posting in priest disc atm asking for me to be banend for what I am saying here, it just shows how weak minded and dishonest you are. You dont want to talk about how shit zhardoom is for you. You want to insult ppl
no? not at all?
I rerolled warlock so my guild wouldnt have a shit comp because we had 20 warriors in vanilla
Also I still play my warrior
in alt raid
so idk if you really call it reroll but w.e
if I wanted more gear I would have stayed warrior. rerolling lock means way more loot compettion
he @tted me
see your mind is still on finding a way to insult me because your upset by the facts Im spitting
wat
ahh
I see
"well you cant knock me for wanting loot because your guild is shit and you are banned in over half the class discords and you are a discord cringer how you even see it that fast"
I am not taking things personal Blow made this discussion personal
if you attack someone personally
then you can't say
"why you take it eprsonal"
lol
your next three arguments were also trying to get under my skin and attack my character quit your bullshit
not just about my guild
quit your bullshit
Im done I said what there is to say spriest community is dishonest and lacks game knowledge its just true
true
yea what the fuck is a 1 channel ban
actually im also banned mageposting
2 channels
dont want spriests to realise the truth about their class, because it will hurt their own corrupt loot prio in turn
if knowledge spreads
its actually moreso just passion being upset
than it is some crazy corrupt thing
RIP Kenneth
Dranthax should have been banned
hes actually unbanned
he just doesnt like us no more
dranthax chased him out
and got no repurcussions
he tried to
actually he was in BEEF BAR
they did ok
then they all got banned
for pvp fixing
and he tried to speedrun w Tempest in classic but his group of friends is very spergy and their guilds always seem to fall apart
he died?
again, I dont actually care that spriests want zhardoom because they are "underlooted"/ want to be appreciated.

I am mad that they deluded all their class members into thinking these items are VERY good for them and that they deserve prio on them
and that they continue to push this narrative
mage lock ele boom
because youre an  spriest that only thinks about ST gain
we get the same ST gain as spreist, without having to play perfectly to realise it
AND we get 5x the gain on aoe
sorry I have to write that out so that ppl dont read and actually believe spriest discord lies again
i know your just trolling
but these poor ppl reading dont know that
they think your sincere
odaaal is washed up
literally quit game because salad bakers is washed
he was wrong about fire lock wrong about T5 comps got farmed so hard in T5 by better guilds that actually know what they are doing
and quit the game
theres a clip somewhere of Laty shit talking odaal saying he was a loot whore
cant find it tho
lmao
no its likely not true
but its funny
because he pronounces his name
"Ooodil"
like noodle
without the N
same time
but odaal did have T4 4 pce bloodmaw and so many other bis items week 1
hes defs clced
and still quit his guild
what?
ðŸ™‚
capping
srry it was mindlblade
not bloodmaw

"never had T4"
week 3
odaalx
2 pce T4
warlocks in raid
no T4
also hit wand
when its not bis for him
ah my bad I said 4 pce
keep it coming you can insult me all you want
>ur a dyslexic sperg
>Im not insulting you

its okay your a salad bakers autist we know
go back to your mageposting hole
seething
you literally hide in mageposting talking shit about me and then say "rent free"
lmao
dont care + ratioed + loot whore + quit game + farmed by NA guilds
o no salad bakers autist came and called me dyslexxic sperg
o nooooo
imagine you quit game and you STILL sit in class discord - well not really class discord because your own class banned you - but mageposting hole in priest discord every day
posting
talking shit about ppl
callin them names
sad life
alright back to !prio
!prio
just throw sres and gems in old gear, try to keep 2 pce T4 and you cant really go wrong
try to keep hit cap
20 SR to head is a good enchant
and saves you void spheres
yea
basically trading SP/hit enchant on head for 20 SR is a better trade than orange gems for void spheres
so you prio that
and its much cheaper
attumen gloves are good for maintaining hit cap
I made the mistake of thinking he was srs when he said arcfire will be bis
actually to this day not sure if odaal knew the truth and then ran from it
or if he was just trolling about arcfire
lmao
i imagine its not worth the risk
I could see them chugging flask
and flask swapping after
and whatever else to min max it
but I doubt they just yolo 0 SR
bback in the days of ddavid
and innocent pfp
i member green writing ddavid saying based things about holy priests
nnow hes pink writing femboy bael
bael are you actually femboy irl or just femboy enjoyer
wheres your insta
we moved to dms
pics
what was that
o was that bael feet pic
lmao I saw swastika now that I think about it
but i went straight for feet
fuuuu
it had sock on
i dont believe that is you
whats wrong w a bit of shop
wait what
he has bikini on in this pic
I dont think its a bolt on
has to be shopped
yea
prob depends how big bulge is
did you guys see microblizz is making some kind of survival game
coming for the tarkov people perhaps

survival game by blizzard w high fantasy theme
sounds fucking awesome
ngl
ha
Yea
Well
Are you fury
Dual wield warrs can wear off pieces that are uncontested
So yea catchup is nice
But bis is mega contested
Uhh
No?
But i said bis as in bt hyjal bis
Does anyone have good clip of how I could skip to vash/lurker and summ my guild for quick vash
I have engi
Or can explain?
Well. Could just get to pipe and pull like 3 packs and vashj
Or there is a way to fly to pipes
And go straight vash
Withput even dropping bridge
@Blow fury is easy mode if you out dps me w arms 2h ill respect
But I have excuses I never get lust for execute
Yea
Just hoping for a clip
Its excuse if someone beats me I blame dumb lust timing
Its big for warr bcause im forced to use my cds w lust and not in execute
O idk
This is why im asking lol
Incubus and 5 squawks or bust
Also you gotta scroll the incubus
And get full buffa
Str totem
Necessary next phase anyway
To actuvate their tier bonus
No but yes
Tru
If your trying for world first you probably wont hav much
Yea
Mhm
when was that
not hit capped
no second vestments
Ill rate it 6/10
mayb less
using shadow reflector
jpaints seen em

This is what im running but swap for 20 SR enchant and get 5 more hit gems so im hit capped

succ ruin is grief
but inc ruin
inc ruin is really good
inc ruin 5 squawk Hyjal MC for 100% AS
6 cock build
lmao yea
thats why its griief
stakes
your a chad
same spec probably
you are right foty
but he is also a chad
you guys both win
GG
yea
annoying part of demo for me is just having to screech for pet buffs
I screech enough for lusts and shit as is
ye its spellpower for raid when you crit
its basically survival hunter
for warlock
and caster
ryusei said fire imp demo spec wont be good
but I dont believe him
the talents for imp in demo tree are so chad man
go look your imp will have like 70% crit
well just do a terrible job of it and still outdps shadow priest
how many green items do spriests use in WOTK
nice
whats tank spec
as in demo?
or just no nether prot
Rule 1:
if your guild PTRed it you dont get to talk shit
we are aiming for a nice week 11 kill
cozy
lol im joking
but we do only raid 3 hrs week 1 so no shot raid 1 kills illidan
raid 2 has 6 hrs
so mayb
but I wouldnt bet on it ðŸ™‚
link your spec
yea thats part of it
we might riad monday instead of usual tues
but unlikely
because dads have lives
at least we dont need an ele shaman to kite striders so our ele shaman that has to leave early every raid wont fuck us
o
so just no nether prot
I thought you said yes to "demo"
you convinced me not to run a cata bolt spec
and your running a cata bolt spec
I went back conflag
Think you mentioned immolate being good on mother
I know he has
Yea I just decided if Immolate is good on some fights and cata doesnt sim as dps gain on 3 min fight fuck cata
fuck the tiny theoretical gain
Yea I mean I dont care about week 1 mother parse either
Just playing what I think is best
yea tbh itss just an excuse to go back immo
cause im bored of bolt spam
and I kinda think cta value is super marginal
if you sim sbolt spam with or without cata
it sims the same
what you guys had troubel on prenerf vashj?
And you care about min maxing at all?
crime
illegal
its sarcasm
indeed
I was asked how much dps T6 4 set is worth
my sim says ~190 dps
sound right?
o just the bonus
I simmed the gain of
4 set
vs T5 bis
like if you just got 4 pieces
my current mald is
I have passed cloak
over and over
because I have ruby drape and small upgrade
all cloaks
ogre
KT
but as soon as we get Tier, we NEED to cut the hit cloak
as far as I can tell
unless you get some other pieces to cut your BoB pieces
yea mayb horde
I even have some hit gems
and theres really no hit gear I am missing
and so I desperately need cloak but since I have tier on my list all these casters arre set to yoink cloak before me
even tho they have KT
woe is me
bro I do gruul every week
it dropped for first time in montths this week
and we have a new boomy replace on the come up so passed
If its base dmg we sue
Any lawyers ?
Did noone confirm warlock set bonus on ptr
https://tenor.com/view/sweating-nervous-paranoid-gif-4974019
Theres no way its base dmg right
You guys did lockcord ptr
And didnt fucking give someone 4 set
And test?
Can we ban this guy from just this channel he hurt my feelings
Lool
We dont ban
Bans are for bitches
Pelicanz is a specimen
Peli
He claimed to be femboy too
Loool
Yea i didnt get a confusion boner even
sounds about right
this is the dmg you have done
spriests must answer for your sins
lol not really
any loot list type system kinda fucks locks over
but spriests get kinda fucked too
mages get prio on tier in T5 and then will just yoink everything in T6 cause no tier to put on list
iirc leather/mail ppl have their own boots
so its just mage competition and some cringers who still try to take the cloth boots
becuse
his system forces 4th slot weapon
for all locks
so you might as well put zhardoom
hannu takes
are s o good
i feel like you STILL use bowiz with zhardoom
when its up
just because trash packs are short
so youll have high uptime
and then not use it
zhardoom sims better <10 s?
true
?
You got a good clip of that
loukis trolling
dam
im raiding
lemme know what you guys end up getting
pala and spriest can defs use
either way
your not DEing
lol
da koomor
we fast leveled a boomkin in 1 week got him 4 pce T5 and a buncha other shit he was wasted on yinglings and still looted his quest item
he been 70 1 day and he has all this https://seventyupgrades.com/set/8GWckgApceYQvT4haauoWh
yea I mean its nothing too special but p chad for day 1 at 70
alot of ppl woulda spent like 4k leveling tailoring and shit
There should be red tearstone ring in wow
@Stabile you getting dmf trinkets
Which ones
Crusade for pala at least seems chad
It has to be
Gasgas on venoxis
Mouse?
Like?
Skull right
Yea and sliver
I thought dmf beat icon/ tome
But I guess icon front loads
And tome close
Yea that ones dece I hear have to play around it
Dmf is just like a better motc tho
80 sp and 120 AP
Iirc
Beats 85 sp
Yes
I think its best tps trinket and 120 ap is still better than 5 sp
Need skull to stack it
Fuck merry kill
Dive Jpaint Shaggy
Fuck dive kill shaggy but since hes australian kill means fuck him too and merry jpaint
its old af
so no
did you guys get anywhere simming aoe yesterrday
All I saw was
Louki troll config
hannu new chad config
and then no more discussion
you compare to TOC at all
what was your dps raw number
when your quoting 100 dps gains
sounds like results I would expect
idk about T6 hannu but you defs have some short ass aoe periods in SSC
20 s is roughly what I expected tho
Hannu said 10 s yesterday out of his asshole
and yea we knew ZD would still be better overall noones actually saying bowiz>ZD
my only comment is expecting 2 heart pieces just for mother
is a bit unrealistic week 1 kill I think
then its fine
k next question
do you have vestments
why not just wear your vestments
your getting 8 SR
out of chest piece
just wear your vestments?
well you could just use resist food if you wanted
or just
be 8 too low
your gonna be fine being 8 too low
you almost certainly dont use MOTC for aoe
you have attumen gloves?
Mag Gloves?
Can get 8 more rrersist there
yea between vests and those gloves
should be able to ditch bloodgem
nice
Yea but do they have vestments for off spec
Owned
belf locks look good but always utter dogshit
fem orc always bis
no there is no rebuttal
carry on
imp immolate is a bad talent
but cata is a bad 5 talents
hmm
I sim shadowbolt spam on either spec and get same dps
cata does almost nothing
immo is at least relevant on mother
and some trash pulls
yea but imp immolate isnt nothing
i tank
so no
I dont take that
yea sure mayb nether prot then
but
not convinced that actually does anything past week 1-2 either
if your argument is no tank needed nuke everything why do you need nether prot
the reality is all the destro/DS specs do the same fucking dmg and whatever piddly choice you make between immolate nether prot and Cata hardly matters
the only spec that actually does more dmg is demo Succ
orr inc ofc
the utility of nether prot?
probably
but its also completely dead too
in a raid w competent healers that is on farm
prove it
I literally get nothing from cata on a 3 min sim
10 000 iterations
nothing
how so
how was your raid last night mr jeb
you right
Its never bis for dps . bis for dps is hitting thal w full debuffs and getting good rng
Wait why is that relevant
At all
Uhhh
Ok
Cap tanking your missing debuffs i crit 12k on thaladred yall are cooked
Even if you did have full debuffs which you literally never do you still have to cast searing a few times. Good rng w thala will always be better
Position better
I mean you have to run off and sear in p1 too
And you usually have to sear more than 1-2x
In p1
Or your dps is throttled
Like tanking cap isnt that bad if you actually get full debuffs but almost noone gets that
Spriest maintaining weaving on both never happens. Getting dagger stacks on 2 mobs is some kind of dps loss for your persobal gain
And even if you had full debuffs your still losing dmg by searing
is progress gonna get WF
how many fire locks theflith
spill the beans
I think that progress has no shot. Its a race between salad bakers and Resist
bipolar will top speedruns since speedrun is now parserun
gg
idle time counts now
they have to do fast squawks
louki we have you giving linelo bad aoe configs that say TOC is dps gain for AOE over zhardoom
how do you plead
I find you guilty of high treason against the warlock class
read what
chinas just better
what MLG consumes do I need for hyjal
i have slammers got the remote in direbrew pog
Rogue is s tier
Hes feral druid guy
blizzard
omg
this blue post
after EVERYONE just spent all their honor and shit grinding out pvp gear
https://tbc.wowhead.com/blue-tracker/topic/us/honor-rate-increase-with-content-unlock-thur-jan-27-at-3-00-p-m-pst-1174601
Wowhead
Tier 4 and 5 tokens can now be exchanged for season 1 and 2 gear at tier vendors.
good news tho
I have a full set of warlock T5 tokens
because I was supposed to DE
and never did
WHATS MISSING
yea i have
night mare seeds
you see the mats
im buying another 20 injectors
i just need crafter

they are injectors
not ssc ones
jpaint log in and buy consumes
go shopping w me
injectors cheaper than mana pots atm
uh
a while ago
void spheres have climbed so high lmao
sounds jpaint
also got thes

something jpaint never seen before prob
yea but you probably stopped using them same time as atiesh
brb fishing for Skul
fake news
no seed set
no sr set
no consumes
log in and ill show you
lul they will just gem hit retar
zhardoom still bigger for them than you
and yea they dont need skull to meet their hit your fried
lower city rep vendor
you probably need to grind rep since you literally never played this game
cooked idk what weird ass set you came up with
but they can get the hit
probably spriest not knowing itemization again
bob is the set I used to compare
bob is fine LOL
they take even less gear that means
bruh
jpaint
what are you even doing right now
you lazy sac of shit
yea they can its called simming the best option
and even w dropping haste belt
to use zhardoom
they gain 3x the amount of dps your class does
unlucky
cmon blow
try again
but actually try this time

yea
fury warrior
actually idk
mayb hnter cause their sim is fried
warlock sims higher than mage
and thats what counts
i dont know what warrior sims at I only sim arms
np
but almost certainly fury
or maybe even rogue
w glaive
that tier list is just meaningless content made for money
yea but hunter sim is just lie
warlock sims 3K iirc
rogue sim I trust
in simonize we trust
cursed vision of sargeras
yea but that guy who made the lock sim
hella sus
lots of caster armor bosses in BT Hyjal I hear
and those are probably not 5 cock sims
so
RIP
hmm
you sound very
copey
at the moment
jpaint
just be confident
in warlock supremacy
o fuck
you guys
didnt even remind me to get infernal stones
shit warlocks
they dont know how to fix it
because ppl are loud
about wanting it to stay
IMO, they should fix it but I also have a biased affection for the item
id rather they unnerf dragonling than nerf chicken
tbh
but
nerf chicken is probably for the best
its aids
having to 5 cock to compete
and it makes 2h arms bad
which is bad
dragonling isnt near the power of 25% haste
but its pretty dam good
if dragonling was in
youd be having shitty support classes wear it
and use it halfway
to refresh the debuff
Good dps use on the pull
bad dps wear it for the fight
to pop it
300
not quite 25%
but its thicc
lol
it just gives you 300 spellpower
thats all
so yes
your spellpower
scales off % dmg
o if your asking if the dragonling abilities scale off your % talents
probably not
problem is
both dragonling and chicken
are blizzlike
as it was in OG TBC
man it would be a nice world
all the classes would bend over for their true overlord
they said it is
they even said "theres evidence that ppl used mechanics like this to their advantage back in the day"
wait what
you have 300 spellpower
doesnt that make it
scale
with ember
dragonling was a no brainer in classic
ppl are just insanely slacker
chicken was godly too
the amount of "tryhard" warriors walking around w goblin engi
or no chicken
fucking cringe
private server you go goblin engi ppl laugh at you
1. the buff was worth it
2.
I have seen 0 evidence that forced cock didnt work in classic
just because it doesnt work in SOM
doesnt mean it didnt work in classic
3. even if it wasnt possible to force cock
it was still 100% worth to use it
blizz is just hella rapey in TBC
breast milk
incubus
force cock
good guilds used both cock and dragonling
it just didnt disseminate to the general public
because the general public was lazy and bad
why bael
kinda miss that game my venti owns
scaramouch venti or xinqiu bael
dam
idk what that is
ah
you whalin?
Im glad I got out that shit was dangerous
x to doubt
i feel like even welkin and BP costs more than that
maybe it got cheaper

alright
might get more runes
o snap it is
ill ditch that
why do i need a mount
ill buy purple mount if I get ashes
lol i literally spend thousands on consumes
and then
skimp on mount
way she goes
do i need noggie
i have para cloak
o i have 5 laps
they sorted into a weird spot
do I need more than that
wait I have 10
oof and no bandages
1 has only 1 charge left
and I have to use on both bowiz and other weapon
i wonder if I can use oil of immolation
in hyjal
ooo
wait is that legit
that sounds good as fuck
on my warr
does that proc off casts
no
but mayb
oil of immo
are they good
chipped core lol
probably not worth the bag slot
crystal charges are just shared cd w other dyna right
like I just use fel iron
if sapper not up
why didnt we count dragonbreath chili dmg in fire lock comparisons
candle is the sulfuron slammer
flamestrike is the goblin sapper charge
iirc crystal charge is super small radius too
dive whats the secret tech to own the mages in hyjal
preferably both
but ill settle for the latter
hmmm
yea tipsout  sounds good
dam
I still like my plan where we get Zephan to report Kelman's failings as wowhead mage writer to wowhead, and then claim the mage writer title but continue to write as Kelman
for the rest of classic wow
and every phase for eternity zephan secretly ffucks mages
yea
yours costs money tho we gotta hire tips out I dont have 5 dollars
Zephan would make money as mage writer
we could use a cut to fund the tips out campaign
keep 2 pce w gloves
alright what are the parsing strats how do I trick my guild into double lusting warlocks every fight
do you have time to lust on like
a first trash pack in hyjal wave
dam dive has the leet strats
wait he got contributor color
lmao is it really 1 hr
not in my guild
ðŸ™‚
do you just use at start
yea
good plan
fck is holy water still pog
arms B ðŸ˜¦
ret A

LOL
its true
enhancement shamans are the best class
in wow
should we go druid disc and yell at nerd egg man
jk dont they are nice
enhance is the best spec in tbc phase 3
i saw it on tier list
uhh
usually destro pot but haste potion for hellfire snapshot
I have MOTC simming better than quags so I use that on like all these bosses right
negative
not on my sim at least
3 min fight
2 min fight yes
quag gets better w better gear
k so im doing motc ICON I think mayb if fights super short ill change
@Kristofer I need a way to sim double lust with double trinkets
so like 2nd lust popped 2 minutes in
whats the correct way to use slammers
just spam them all fight
or can you predict it
SHHH DIVE SRS QUESTION BEING ASKED
alright im ready
I have a warlock friend to spam rain of fire on the mage
during azgalor
its a bis list
alliance races are not bis
orc is bis
therefore
bis list is correct
its p simple man you just use crit neck from KT as ally I think
theres not really a ton of bis options
catabolt arguments are the worst
bottom tier of lockcord arguments
1) it does  nothing
2) immolate does something
cmon xelrog dont sell yourself short
hellfire arc
is a strong one
see man my beef is that it doesnt sim better even on 3 minute patchwerk
shadowbolt spam in either spec
same result
and also 420 mana
good point
well if it does nothing on 3 min of standing there spamming
it effectively does nothing
yes
exactly
the real chad spec is incubus ruin
normalize incubus ruin
5 squawks
6 cock build
!6cock
I walk away at last 5%
go to next pull
yep
and I talk shit to the ppl still hitting boss while im number 1
i should rp walk more
orange justice
in wow
does holy nova generate mana
with spriest talent
or do they just lose mana battery
to aoe
love gulab jamun
yea if thats your best gear set it is
but t4 set is old news
my prot pala all of a sudden wants to be in the spriest group
and take hpala with him to buff him
anyone ever do spriest to prot pala
hildi when does sim use second lust
ðŸ˜¦
SPOAR = COR
it RHYMES
SPOAR = COR
SPOAR = COR
yea
Icon MOTC
sims better for me
on most ffights
only sims well on 2 min fight for me
and barely better than icon MOTC
I think at some point in the phase quag overtakes MOTC in full bis
but
for me right now in T5 gear
I am seeing MOTC  over quag yes.
Couldnt tell you because @Kristofer wont fix sim
@Linelo how much mana does shadow nova generate on trash packs
wiith zhardoom ofc
jk
yea, whatever
you dont gen mana w holy spells right
so mana battery becomes very bad
Where did you land on nova usage
worth or not
what about mindcontrol
sending to your raid lead
do you use zhardoom over boed
on nova pack
https://tenor.com/view/no-nooo-nope-eat-fingerwag-gif-23757070
= oom and replaced because spriest not fulfilling his role
no mana battery
no mind control
no debuffs
MASSIVE DMG
BIG SCALING
12 DPS HANNU
thats not accountin for loss
of debuff uptime
I know all your tricks linelo
yea this is a full bis sim right
3062 dps
simming my current gear I get MOTC ahead
by a solid 10-15
dps
in full bis
well
in terms of raiding this week
Id recommend MOTC
over quags
its not the same as crrusade its 5 more SP and doesnt require stacking
and T6 shoulder/helm
one of the two
yep
then channeled elements legs and dont go for T6
kekw so clown tho
as soon as you get T6
its unwearable
idk how you can even use nethervoid with just T6
if you get replacements for your BoB pieces
you can wear the cloak
yea you need other replacements
to make it even usable
only an upgrade if you can use the hit
hmm
ok
didnt notice that
thats kinda pog
thanks hanu
you just get the hit wand this phase

they alrdy took a purple wand in P1 and P2
because they had no clue what loot was good for them
thats massive for spriest actually
my bad
we have to think in terms of % dmg right @Linelo
Thats what matters
why  arent you gnomish engi with teleporter lul
hmm boomy does less dmg than spriest
and gets 50 dps from zhardoom
hmmm
thats big %
GOTTEM
yea TRU
sweaty is
Mage Lock > Ele Boom > Spriest
both ele and boom more tthan double spriest gain
tier
lul
it scales everyones trash dmg
my order is correct and there is  no world where spriest's 13 dps is on same level as ele sham/boomys 50 dps
"because of trash"
yea how much does 55 haste from zhardoom actually change multidotting tho
you get what 1/10 of a dot more
cmon
yea the relevant difference there in  sweaty guild is the lock missing  200 dps so the spriest can get 1 more dot out MAYBE
1 more seed is way more impactful than 1 more dot mate
just use brain
lol we been done this argument 1 million times if sweaty guild prios spriest over lock/mage for zhardoom for a trash dps reason ill eat a shoe
yea ok  mayb
Magma totem is bis it's not copium at all
You dont need 3 crit for trash
Hit is dead
Do the math its not even close really
Its just magma on trash stop being whiny bitches
Either is fine
Why wouldnt you roll them
Lel
Mana pot injectors
And destro
thats fucked up
SPOAR = COR
gz mage
!8ball do we kill illidan this week
!8ball skull me?
fuck
!8ball skull  jpaint?
FUCKKKK
@jpaint hows SR set
also read 8ball
!timer  1:12
!remindme 1m12s jpaint seed done
alright times up
you done
who is top contender for race currently
link top streams
seems that NOTA isnt competing
Bakers is DCed?
At least Laty is
so its
overclock
progress
fusion?
who else
https://www.twitch.tv/crateria
fusion stream
you dont shit post well enough zuzandir
need to work on that
https://tenor.com/view/tumbleweed-desert-road-dry-hot-gif-21341693
if zuzandir gets mod he can then make bael mod
boys warlocks doing like 8k dps on these trash packs real shit
sim was right
zhardoom prio
8k dps on one trash pack is like the same dmg spriest does in the entire instance
@Linelo
yea it was a tramp - pole - lining
@jpaint you ready
pelicanz knows hes on thin ice
that man
gets banned
from alot of places
saw him in SOM discords
what is your favorite post in all of lockcord
and least ffavorite post
are you doing AMA?
odaal does ama in mage posting
does shaggy actually pee upside down
Did Ghostowl  actually ever contribute somethign
who is cringe connoisseur anyway
whos this guy

im kidding
i know who it is
!drakestone
etc
before warlocks
there was xn
your a gamer , word
HOW IS RACE GOING
WHO WINNING
https://www.twitch.tv/crateria
but I dont think hes racing
but hes playing a warlock
did you delete my post LOL
lmao
https://www.twitch.tv/lmgd1
fuck you heres a warlock
who the fuck is winning the race I dont know how to tell
god dammit
you deleted my jokerd
jokerd is all I got
heres warlock pressing seed
you happy now?
xn is streaming too
shes mommy
jokerd is funny
looking at these streams
I feel like Im not going to wear obliv
idk
@jpaint im finna 1:12  a crit set
that shit was hilarious
be honest
remember when dive said warlocks were the best ranged class in MC
but actually they are the worst
basically if a mod says something its probably wrong
salad bakers wiped to anetheron
gamers
Can you make more seed gifs but talking about spreading my seed and stuff
Not just bug
Need for seed underground 2
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/pxa32vMYH8TmGzq6#boss=-3&difficulty=0
Our boy jujutsu lost to warlock
On overall
I dont raid for 2 hrs
gz
enjoy
gz
you looted that
so automatically cant get zhardoom
unlucky
your own logic
gg

YO
HYPERBOLIC IS JPAINT
HES GAMING
GZ PROGRESS WARLOCK STACK NUMBER 1
warlock number 1
gratz bro
lol
i told you
remember
im oracle
"noone will use the mace"
just listen to me
and you wont be dumb
GZ
I EXPECT A FULL 20 DPS GAIN
NEXT RAID
i raided on my warrior but good warlock got TOC and helm
i tried so hard on my warrior in hyjal man
and just farmed by warlock mage
the bosses are sweet tho all low armor
important question
does zhardoom show its enchant
TOC enchant shows
looks sick
@Linelo
its not that big for him thats why
he needs T6 and Zdoom
i got a T6 glove
we didnt finish ofc
and i was on my warr
someone post a picture of someone wearing zhardoom
does it show enchant
im at work buut you degens are in game
post enchanted ZD picture
hurry up how long this supposed to take
still no pic of zhardoom
really not one of you can find a enchanted zhardoom
and take a picturer
pic
linelo posted his zdoom but unenchanted
i dont think it shows enchant

this is all I got so far
you think?
@umri
enchant show  or no
So
we inspected the wings effect a good while last night
some notes
1) its client side? We all see the wings proc at different times
2) not enough procs
3) seemed to get more procs when I increased GFX setting
yea
YEA BRO
like I cant even be like boys wings are out
TOC def shows enchant
and it looks sexy af
bt
btw
nah
we only raided for like 2.5 hr
our waves bugged out
but we probably wouldnt have clear anyway
first wave on third boss just didnt spawn
and we had to wait the full timer for every wave
then on 8th wave
sadge
then on 8th wave after waiting full timer
thrall says we failed
nice game
it was honestly even easier than I thought tho
I realised that every weap we have had so far didnt show enchant
soulfrost on TOC looks sick
yea the changes are kinda trol
but I have a full set of T5 tokens on lock
yea
the change themselves are fine
the last minute after everyone spent honor and marks
is hilarious
yea
its like they are actually spiting pvpers
because of match fixing/boosting or some shit
so we have no enchant on zhardoom
wings are janky af
whos making the forum post
1) its client side? We all see the wings proc at different times
2) not enough procs
3) seemed to get more procs when I increased GFX setting
Some ppl sat staring at the guy for 5 minutes staright
no wings
others saw wings like 4 or 5 times in that period
its dumb af
probably
if you want to
yea man
Debatable
Debatable
Lol
Immolate is worth if it doesnt oom you
Regardless of spec
If its pw and will oom you dont immolate
That said sbolt spam in  either spec sims same for me
So like in theory cats is some small gain but it doesnt show up on 3 min fight
So yea I wouldnt go catabolt but its debatable
he got em
he was rogue
gz
you had red  name yesterday
mayb you can get it again

lock won in our raid and the mages were tryin bro
when we have haste its over
5 mill
wait so you replied to him 10 times
but im the one
who is taking the bait
LOL
our holy priest got really mad about the tier 6 helm
I guess he wanted it forr pvp
apparently is "Super good" for pvp?
yes
its like literally less stam
a bit more HP
a bit more mana
its not ste bonus
I checked
its literally
they only wear that piece
its literally piddly  bits of stats
yea
well its the ONLY piece from raid
that is in pvp
bis
so I guess thats why
but like smh

yea
i was actually amazed
that he was making this stand
for piddly stat upgrade
in pvp

got mad at them
very good priest
but comon bro
just mildly
please tell me how you got 10 isb stacks
defs not
just not worth the slot
to misery
imo

kinda cheap?
crimson spinel 400 g
pyrestone 200 g
yea so we just a tad cheaper than you
Faerlina
which I feel like is one off the biggest servers now
btw -  "Nethervoid is good item"
im wearing badge crit cloak and overcap
haha
i pass to spriest for sure
its not a cmpletely dead upgrade
is it bis forever
or just this phase
seems like haste only good for ST
i know
I have a full set of tokens to I get felweave or dreadweave S2 set
dam I got the wings at the end
been trying to catch a SS ferda
@Skycrab do you know how to gem for pvp
nvm  i found a guide
delusional
cope
fem orc
is amazing
and bis
i actually
got both
LOL
i did yea
hows destro for pvp
but it probably dunks in BGs I imagine
shut uppp
noobs ask questions
its fine
we actually help noobs in this discord
unlike spriest
yea you guys say go look FAQ for bis
and then the FAQ
is wrong
its a good look
realistically you shit post in here 24/7 and contribute nothing and are now crying that someone asked a legit question

yea we all ignored him
as I said your still here to flame ppl
and complaining about others
#â“newbie-questions
please
we dont even have item link bot
you think we are getting that
[skull]
see
loool
it was buggy in initial tbc
so they stopped it
and now it works fine
but cba
ok do I use this class trinket from SSC TK
4% hit?
4 pce merc glad and 0 offpieces i feel dirty as fuck

hahaha
unyielding
i was wondering if the 2pce T6 I have is any good
but im guessing no

means I lose 4 pce
so seems bad
ye
yea
but idk if blow is even talking about warlock
im p sure its worth if you do it correctly
you will use the proc right
cast 4 bolts or whatever
and then tap?
that shouldnt really be a problem
where it gets weird is like mid short fights where you wouldnt actually need to tap in the fight
because on one hand bowiz is p strong on short fight
but you still dont really wanna lose gcd
but I cant really think of any boss
where you dont have to tap at all
my raid is mad at me for getting first 2pce tier
spriest put tier number 1 prio
reee
dive
warlock loot


i have 2 vestments this just looks cool
its socketed in vestments number 1
orange is solid
and we often recommend ppl here to just take orange over red
because red is better for other classes
but seems like we gonna get plenty of gems
so not very important
i havent bothered to do that one yet
i have my purple meta
turning on there
yes but you need the feet
cant just red gem early
so imma chill til then
GRATZ
better than blasting

wait so
was the song
about these bitches in wow
o its elvis presley
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NJLfCBBcZAo
you rockin this jpaint
northside long beach jpaint chillin his blue suedes
my testing seems to suggest that crit aoe capped set
is generally better
than oblivion
does this please the paint
i think oblivions for a few of those pulls
like when the gargoyles are off in narnia
is there MLG strat for gathering gargoyles
...
also my testing suggests that sappers are very good
unlucky paint
so
i dont want  a white name
do I have to pass skull
i just rather be as unassociated with hannu as possible
yea know?
t6 shoulders are kinda ugly
not a fan
never seen legs ahead
potent is SP crit you donkey
I think techincally speaking 3 reds in vestments is bis but you can only do that once you have a slot for blue gem (boots)
its only a 10 dps gain ish over orange crits tho
so if you cant get red gems going oranges is good
it kinda seems like ew have plenty of gems tho
can probabbly do reds
doesnt seem like as big of a deal
as it was made out to be
well
if you have the gems
sitting in gbank
why not
yea
Ill put yellow crits in my second vestments later XD
and as for now I have vestments w all heroic gems
so not rushed to swap
but I actually think theres good value in a "aoe capped" seed set after doing hyjal
seemed to out perform oblivion
hmmm
like I get to tap to full between every wave but just to save like what 1 tap and keep seeding?
im down
also infernal was poggers
almost certainly bis in MH cmon now
how could it not be bis
anyone saying otherwise actually fried

guys I found him
but hes hiding from me
in this cow
he hates anime and women in general
who looks cooler

So
im locked after akama
can I solo these mobs
dont pipe me bitch
â¤ï¸
i respect it
chad move tbh
@jpaint  isnt tagged by warlock trainerr tho
mages out
can someone give me the guide on how I actually tank illidan
he goes demon phase
I stand on the s ide
and I hit him w searing pain?
gg
ios there any weird memes like solarian was
capernians a dum bitch
you know
use shadow burn or some bullshit?
should play lewdle
because seed is janky

isnt seed
not a direct dmg spell
so id expect it to just not work at all
yea yea
could be jank
for sure
right
why hasnt gremmer tested yet

thats apparently what mage sims say but probably depends on fight length
if the mages stood to gain dmg by taking lock loot and playing fire, they fucking would
so if they arent thinking fire is better, its for good reason

@Zephan
hello your guide is very nice and I appreciate you
when you take over as kelman the mages will too
immolate does something
soul leech = over healing / crutch
really
lmao GG warlocks
soul leech increases your threat
thats bad
its healing done
idk
why wouldnt it
you take immolate and emberstorm poggers
Hannu when are you gonan grow some balls and run Succubus Demo like a real dmg shill
this soul leech shilling is pussy shit
its called an ad hominem where you act like I can't have any opinion about optimal gameplay if my guild plays poorly in your eyes


this part here blow
â¤ï¸
idk its zephans so dont talk shit
enter the mayosphere
who was that
i dont trust quags it sims like butthole
when I get more gear quags
im using icon MOTC currently
yes
thats why
im using it
i think Lencovic's question depends how geared you are
both
HIldi wont fix sim but, I have  a strong feeeling that if I get double lust , 2 minutes apart, double active trinket is ACTUALLY bis
cant separate lusts on sims
dont think you can.
how do you know hannu
I was talking about icon/pipe for double active, and it means you have full trinket uptime during 2 lusts
seems strong
considering the gap between double active and passive is small as is
I suspect if you actually could sim double lust properly
it would come out ahead
bipolar's kill times

I think most guilds still have plenty of 2 minute + fights
if your a human with above average cringe levels, most humans you meet will be less cringe than you
i feel like you have to ban that man tbh
https://tenor.com/view/shialabeouf-clapping-phenomenal-blownaway-standingovation-gif-4385542
lol starrable boys
we got to illidan last night and had to stop - our tanks dont know how to kite the eles lol
might go for another hour today
what do you think
tbh I havent watched a guide on how to lock tank it
I think I just stand to the side
and hit searing
they made warlocks spam drain on fel rage
we ARE 5 healing tho
w some .... new healers
its been rough
glad we got council
i was on warr
on lock yu swap when pala gets magic aura yea
?
and hit other thing
multi dot
wyd on fel rage?
do you guys just get to pump
do I pop  a ironshield
i am?
ok
also on ROS what do you do on lock
seemed like our locks struggled
our other raid is 6 heal
and thats kinda what happened for us
buncha locks glocked themselves
boss fell over
yea this
is what I was thinking
but
seems like its just a lcok problem
and that we should downrank yessss
any downrankers
lol
our healing team is not ideal
in that raid at aleast
whole things kinda a joke
feels weird
yea this seems like the biggest anti melee stack part
but I bet you can zug p hard cleaving the council down
w warrior stack
just all melee and aoe heals
mayb throw a ton of thornlings down
ye
y
wait what is 25k
o i see
just bust it
yea
idk bipolar stacked 2
had bear on rogue
pala on priest
was curious why
for threat?
25 thornlings in a corner soacking mecahnics
frozen runes
recklessness poggers
If you choose an answer to this question at random, what is the chance your answer will be correct?

A 25%
B 50%
C 66%
D 25%
think thats part of the question stabile
cmon man
is cringe a compliment in australia
cause everythings backwards
best one so far
I think thats valid
these are not rules that were specified
nor was the level of randomity - For example, I could devise a system where I choose A 10% of the time, B 15% of the time, C 60% of the time, and D 15% of the time. I would still be choosing an answer at random, but C would end up being the correct answer!
you shut up laty is a very good player
@Aloysius
yea I think feldog is good in hyjal -  so is aoe capped set over oblivion
i never knew how to do the compare thing
https://tenor.com/view/nodding-ron-burgundy-gif-13062921
tfw they made the ultimate execute pogger fight the worst execute fight ever
but you also play a warlock
https://tenor.com/view/life-sentence-happy-sad-cry-okay-gif-12208978
i follow WCL guidelines and program them into my details manually
omg
imagine being that lock
how do you get this far and not know nether prot griiefs
its almost like any sort of RNG mechanic makes parsing aids
the top arms warrior still had dmg from ghost
when I looked at logs
but NO other arms warrior did
so
idk seems like a few ppl slipped through the cracks but mostly locked down
so easy bro
Wordle 226 3/6

ðŸŸ¨â¬œðŸŸ¨â¬œâ¬œ
ðŸŸ©â¬œâ¬œðŸŸ¨ðŸŸ¨
ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©
I have never even done wordle before
look at this god
how I do hard mode
how do I do 227
im a nub whats your guess
yo
yea
i somehow didnt realise it had to bea Y
nice game
yea
i know
lol
so the tier 6 helm doesnt only flap at diff times on diff players screens, it flaps in my char screen at diff time than my toon
this guy flaps at diff times
as shown here

whats the point of flapping if noone saw me flap
when is lockcord gonna start taking flap bug srsly
seed bug isnt even a bug
everyone can see wings but the proc doesnt happen on same time as my screen as yours
i can be flapping on your screen but not on mine and vice versa
also the flap rate is low
jumping dont do shit
but I remember it always showing wings when I jup
juump
i swear the wings are supposed to come out when I jump man
no
language evolves oxford dictionary is cringe
or devolves
like in that movie jpaint
your favorite one
whats next movie
theres this one filmed near my home town
brokeback mountain
heath ledger and jake gyllenhaal and they have good chemistry I hear
it is
who will be my lockcord valentine
jennifur paint
will be mine
this valentines
tapping into lust is also very good
because haste snapshots for cast duration. You dont want to have just started a bolt anyways when lust is about to hit you. You will waste up to 2.4s of the lust casting an unlusted bolt.
this means that there is even less reason to end up tapping during lust
well obvivously not
but if yourr expecting a lust when weaving is up like 10 s into pulll or something
you can pre-emptive tap into it and actually feel really good about it
knowing your not cllipping lust w unlusted bolts
its actually amazing tradeoff
because otherwise you would have lost MORE lust on the unlusted bolt
you would probably have spent that GCD casting an unlusted bolt
otherwise
perhaps even more than a GCD
Wordle 227 3/6

â¬œðŸŸ¨â¬œðŸŸ©ðŸŸ¨
â¬œâ¬œðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©
ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©
@Mentis didnt you say it was hard
whos the shiniest american tank
i think they both succ
OMG best event so far
@jpaint when are we going for date
we are even male and female orc pair perfect platonic horde min max dps family
I wanna take jpaint to the small cabin in westfall hiding behind the dead mines over looking the coast and zg island
date going well?
didnt you say wordle 227 was hard
kept 2 pce tho
ofc
wait when are the next pics coming
we arent ending like that right
has to be gasgas on venoxis
I have a occulus havent used it in 4 years
needing a room to set it up in is annoying
the games get boring
noone wants to get tired when they game ppl wanna sit on a couch and be lazy
lol wat cerede
stop being cringe af lmao
14 year old small child trying to bully someone and noone cares vibes rn
chicken kill?
whats the inculove role look like
where is the pics from ryusei's date
ramis definitely seeding just one mob tonight
if you know what I mean
Eastern?
finna leave work early to go shopping before raid w my bf jpaint
loool
has anyone actually soloed the trash at all
in BT or other
nice pics but jpaint and me are the cutest couple in lockcord
soon
you know hes cam shy
i gave him 100 g last week
so
we have like a sugar daddy thing going
except hes the boy
yea
its more like findom tho
I just give him money and he doesnt give me anything
and that denial keeps me goin
leave him alone
jpaint cleared content got loot plays fire
whats not to llove
thats him
god he plays male dwarf even more cringe than I thought
thats basically what his set is but using more red gems
and less oranges
which is probably nott bis I think but coulld sim
also hes hitting 16% hit - probably in non ele group
i agree I doubt you would skip those sock bonuses
boots and belt are worth getting the sock bonus
and vestments are very close
ya
i know
thats why I said its very close
also, you kinda need boots to keep your meta on if you 3 rred gem your vests
so its smart to wait til you get boots imo
yea
gems seem to come into gbank super easily tho
so Im not so concerned about passing reds to other classes anymore
just gonna do reds
in slots that I like them in at least
im ready for my date




he took his body out for me
allso back shot on my outfit

hes getting ready to seed me I think

@Dive inculove pls

he also has brewfest kodo, but he said he would give me the ram later @jpaint
jpaint uses nexus key for his fire set
he thinks its really cool and I support him
he was really busy farming dark runes all day but he took time out of his day to sit on the hill with me
everyone cheer on @jpaint for his raid tonight
hes gonna do big fire dps
and get a skull
i just know it
and then hes gonna brewfest ram my skulll
after raid
https://media.discordapp.net/attachments/609154934461562898/938155581087318046/image0.gif
def not my date was a moderator that plays the game
the rarest form of life on lockcord
ya sure
why did hildi reject
can you make one cheering on jpaint in raid tonight
or can @Bael make
https://tenor.com/view/oppai-anime-boobs-jiggle-cheer-gif-5053796
i just searched anime cheer in the gif bar llmao
lol you probably missed the bis hannu quote earlier

https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/938150569988747387
i starred it
its not too late
jesus christ
thats mildly racist but also very accurate
actually some of the goku/broli are just cis white gym guys
ya
and inuyasha
ghostcrabs is actually fucked
if you click ghost crabs pfp its animated
and its fucked
!avatar @Ghostowl
like is this some kinda brony sex scene
the line? I left that behind months ago
easily
but
I still dont know what cob is
kinda weird
yea I made that connection but
do you get role if you have corn staff?
cllearly that is no longer working
honestly I cant imagine any guild is going to respond favorably if your application process invollves asking when you will get skull or to get skull
you know how many cringe locks and rogues try to join guilds for skulls/glaives
as if any guilld
is in a position
to just take on a new member
and give them the best loot in a phase
well you kinda fucked up and shoulda been loyal to a guild unlucky
GDKP
enjoy
no its not
you think your gonna find a guild to jut hand you skull lol
gl
you just join a guild with no demands/loot drama before you even join
you do good job
you get reward
thats how game works
its not "ill join your guild if you promise me loot"
k well
dont play game then
loool
if you only wanna play the game to  get  a trinket that you want
and no other reason
just dont play
trust me
gtfo
i expect a new tech out of that btw
shardweaving
and presharding
jsharding
ok vent mr venter
ok
are you solution oriented now
because I gave you solutions
GDKP, Leap of faith in guild, and most prominently
quit
because you care way too much about a pixel honestly
tbh youlll do more dps without skull in a good guild
than with skull in a shit one
the parses some ppl are getting actually kinda blow my mind
our raid's dps used to be p good
mayb just firrst week we are rocky learning mechanics
5 in one 6 in another
that might have something to do w it
yea we 5 healed 1 rraid and had a really rough time on bloodboil
and then 6 healed 2nd raid
1 shot
it makes quite a big diff
and I suppose I noticed our dps being slow on reliquary w the 6th healer lookin back
Quit guild because he didnt have gear to hit SR cap?
Wants a skull?
solution:
GDKP
lmfao
and doesnt have a bloodgem to hit cap?
probably a aldor cringer that didnt farm arcanists stone
lf guild that will give me PI and double lust every fight
my current guild just rotates double lust
cringe
melee dont get 2 rounds of CDs on like
almost all of these fights
nice
meanwhile
you

how can wrlocks suck
in scuffed bipolar
you press 1 button
I saw your date w ryu
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823471727081422849/938176534773112842

im not trying to farm stars
im not kinda close to star board
nothin to see here
why cant alll mages look like this

arcfire belf fem
wait sorry no anime posting
actually not sorry
yes
flap bug is real
agree
!flagfixed
!flapfixed
council is so lame finally a sweet multi dot fight
and they dispell everything
any tech to get doom to land on council
I try to doom right after the magic sheild go out
also silence on azgalor is so aids
what about
wearing sres on azgalor
to avoid silence
i had prayer last night and I still got silence like so fckin much
idk I might try a bit of SR there
yea i know
but I passed that to ppl who pvp more than me
not many dropped
it works kill me now
being tank bitch is the worst
i mean we probably dont need a lock tank but if something goes wrong and a few ppl die
I dont wanna grief raid cause cant make dps check
Ill wait a few weeks mayb will be safe
ok
so you had a lock tank
lol
jpaint should update !seedfixed today
hell actually get the date format right
!seedfixed
@jpaint
22/2/2
im going to preclear the trash with  my raid before the speedrun or beginning the log so that I can get a better speedrun AND parse
either way
degen is incentivized
literally that is what speedrunners did last phase
preclear trash
ridiculous behaviors happen regardless of the change
also fishing in AQ
fishing in BWL
what so if I want to compete on meaningless website I need to fish for 12h before raid
i think it just shows how pathetic speedrunning this game really is lol
if the difference maker is 80 hrs of fishing
and the hilarious part was the trickle down meta
even my casual guild fished abit before raid start
try to make it smoother
like
everyone just avoids anything thats hard in this game
tru
but WCL is more designed around dick sizing thats what gets the $$$
hence why they make 5 warrior categories for accurate dick measurement but 0 threat based parse
so tanks compare themselves based on their dmg done lol
which doesnt lead to self improvement
more like tanks being degenerate
i mean thats alrdy what happens mayhem
because its dmg
the optimal situation would be something that compared dmg taken AND threat
but just a threat parse alone
WOULD be much better than it is now
being dmg based
what do they want done about chicken
yea that would probably be good
but it wasnt really a big problem all of vanilla
but buff arcanite dragonling tho
tbh these little fun quirks are like the charm of the old game
its a hard thing to decide
the weird thing was the blue post talking about auto squawk
and saying they have seen evidence ppl abused similar mechanics back in original TBC
what were they referring to
were ppl 5 cocking in OG TBC
or some other similar mechanic?
what argument were they making tho
what were they referring to
regardless of whether you think its a fair argument
im happy for the change
and blizz clearly came around
I agree the gameply is dumb
but the same ppl who complain about squawk are all excited to DS spam to proc airmans trinket
like
ppl do enjoy these little quirky items and getting an edge
theres just a point where its too degenerate
i mean do you think dark runes should exist
old item
basically necessary to parse
probably an oversight to some dgree like chicken
only diff from chicken is it doesnt make degenerate gameplay
same
point is its an arbitrary line tho, its pretty degen to have to farm dark runes
for p small gains
yea chicken power level is very high thats true
but I wouldnt want airmans either
which is much less powerful
you dont NEED chicken to parse
some ppl need dark runes
just as much as melee need squawk
they just probably shouldnt exist
tbh
i dont care
whether they do or dont
but I dont think anyone is happy dark runes exist
yea I love dark runes such a nice fun addition to the game
scholo and felwood are great
we have like
5 layers or soemthing
its quite easy whichever you do
but imagine farming them
jpaint farmed them for like 2 hrs before his raid yday
I bought 2 stacks
from AH
there was like 9 or sometihing on phase launch
on faerlina
what is this attack
I dont even understand it
I feel like you missed some words in your sentences
yea your assuming that we dont enjoy the content of the game we play
no you dont enjoy the content
you want the pinks only
you said yourself
you wouldnt play without WCL
if you enjoyed the content
you would play it
also yea the phases were too long
its just you being delusional again blow
you play this game for a fleeting hit of seritonin when you achieve a meaningless number on a website
one day
you will realise this
i think zoomers playing classic wow for parse chasing is way weirder than boomers playing for nostalgia
tbh
like nostalgia is main reason ppl come back
if you want a zoomer parse game theres better mmos
that have actually interesting and difficult rotations
yea I might play it
idk it seems a bit weird
I dont like that theres 20 classes that all are quite similar to each other
in lost ark
it feels a bit washed the RPG aspect
arent pala and bard the two most in demand and best classes
shaman 2.0
the only 2 support classes
are the best
and then 18 dps classes
that all do similar dps
w similar abilities w diff names
???
yea you can have balance without having homogenity
why are you so fucking cringe bro im just saying my opinion on the game and you just make it some personal attack everytime
do you think anyone actually enjoys talking to you
game does look p good I just took a bit of a look at what classes to play and its just 18 dps classes w diff weapon/flair
can still be fun but it didnt seem very deep on the RPG part
no
Lost Ark
lost ark is like Japanese Diablo 2
ppl are just retarded about gearing tanks
hey this prot pala took no dmg all of hyjal and had 0 threat issues
he needs TOC
also he needs T6
they dont even need tier lets be honest
mayb if they MT
the prot pala literally tanks the whole pack takes 0 dmg
has plenty of threat
doesnt even have to play well
yea
that was you
1 week ago you were saying same shit blow
yea
you are just an unreliable source of information. ( shadow priest )
ðŸ™‚
whatever you say! its pretty obvious that you could use hammer as a spriest. you just run around saying its unusable based on nothing. Because thats what you do run around baiting arguments cause your bored right. This makes you an unreliable source of information
no im not
im saying that hammer was always usable as spriest
just run a sim
whatever other opinion you said before was just trolling
you TAGGED me bitch
and you got called out
YOU are the one bringing up hammer which 2 weeks ago you were wrong about
loool
YOU brought it up
not 3 months lmao
if you didnt want a pink role mayb you shouldnt have spent 30 minutes taking screenshots of your RPG character getting sucked off by jujutsu in game
not
love is forever skull is replaced in wrath
im not
gg
yea impossible to parse on azga w no Nether Prot
someone said that last time you asked
hannu
idk actually
cause I have to tank
anyways imma try wearing some SR
if SR makes a meaningful diff on silence uptime theres no way its not bis
last time I did it it was aids as fuck
mayb I just got terribad RNG
21% uptime on silence
if I could half that
that would be effectively 10% haste (more really because your spells get cancelled when it hits)
if you reduce 20% silence to 10% silence, surely thats worth, thats like > 10% haste from sres.
yea nether prot is fleeting thats fair
p sad I got jpaint instantly w very little effort
jk
it took years of him hating me
for him to finally come around
and give me that ass
my life goal is now to one day DM dive with something meaningful enough that he doesnt mute me and replies
wait whats this take hannu
spell it out for me
my mage is poised to acquire zhardoom
so as I understand mage is hit capped in T6 gear by using T6 chest and channeled elements legs (if horde and no ele sham)
I dont know why skull / trinket hit would be relevant
err srry
yea
T5 legs
T6 chest
why did hannu run
did he see a mage w zd
also I took a chronicle yesterday boys
imma be a toc boy
idk I think if you get skull and zhardoom in a reasonable amount of time your probably CLCed
is ok
@Dive got shit on
drain tanking isnt even good dont @ me
i think blow realised hes not getting first zd a few weeks ag
and started slowly walking back how much he "flexes" about ZD prio
warming up to maces
nope
friday prolly tho
raid time/raid prep/2 raids/dads
if we had like another hour illidan prolly ded
but we didnt
or even one attempt
no im not a father
but we dont really do more than our alotted raid time
ppl got shit to do
its not really an issue
its just time investment
ppl claim they are good when they spent 10 hrs progging ptr
or even more
and another 10 hrs the first week
to clear
how much ptr time
kekw
thats not too bad but I still dont think you get to talk much shit
???
for what
I didnt really make any comment about your guild or its progress gratz on accomplishing your goal of near world first but not quite?
or whatever it was?
I just think if your talking shit about progression but did all your progression on PTR your kinda cringe.

Our problem week 1 was mainly running 5 healers
and just time
we 1 shot everything this week
and just have to do illi
on friday
so if we fuck that up
we def deserve to be shit talked
I said to run 6 healers but our healers were cocky
didnt want to
I dont understand why clearing in 2 raids has anything to do with it
and yes, 100%
plenty of guilds cleared in 2 raids just to trash farm
do you really think that progging on PTR doesnt make your week 1 prog much shorter?
or you just tryna get a jab in at me?
yea thats what I thought
wrong again
I NEVER said that
stop making assumptions
your strawmanning
to try to make me look stupid
no I did not say that
I never said you MUST do PTR to week 1 clear
this is like the third time you strawman me
read that convo again slowly
and tell me why your making up delusional arguments of mine
yea some guilds did 2 raids and did PTR
this is true
that has NOTHING to do with the necessity of PTR to clear week 1
but somehow you make that connection
to try to make fun of me
lol
your actually so cooked
how the hell does that convo imply  that I said you MUST PTR to clear week 1
if you prog on PTR, your prog time will be reduced in general on week 1
do you agree with the above statement?
in before he completely changes my words again
lol, ok dude
Louki is fried he gave Linelo a aoe sim that said TOC was better than zhardoom because mobs were lv 73
and now hes just making up my opinions and arguing with them
lol
looool
cheers mate
try again next time
canada
> fabricates my opinion 
> "thats not my opinion"
> your getting too defensive
English but I took French since Kindergarten why
Im not the one who blamed english as my second language after I made up someone's opinion
Alright I shall henceforth make a far greater effort to write proper, correct, English in this very reputable discord.
jpaint is getting first skull but he aint happy bout it
leave him alone
lock talk is cringe til jpaint does cam
gratz
ok so cam ?
and wheres your emoji
to a new guild to get next item
Hit rating is lame
Who was it that said there should be gems that lower one stat to gain another
-hit+sp gem
How sick would that be
Haven't seen a single roak in 3 raids so far
5 swiftsteel pattern tho
Lool
Exactly
Its rough
Couldnt you aoethat trash w like 1 tank 1 healer
Pay them in gems and hods
I feel like mother trash w like a committed 5 man is way more efficient
And youd make big gold
Hes shilling
That chart seems weird like his dmg doesnt increase w more targets? Like its capped or something
Whats that about
Mayo is defs a very proud man with  a very small penis
Zephans gonna kelman us in wotk
Wait what are you gonna do
They hired bael
Do they not background check
Guess im not surprised
What
One day ill troll the holy discord
I feel like its so easy just say "ids good"
I dont think passion actually has a neck
You dont know that
I think he always wears a hat of some kind and his hair curls out and makes those little wings that skater boys have
You know?
Yea hair is something like that
He doesnt use a mac tho
Never seen baels femboy pics
He posts other femboys
But not himself
Priests do ids in actually good guilds anyway
The 3 resto shams get the haste
Yea they di
Do*
I looked speedruns almost noone casting coh
Like 1 team in top 10 had coh or something
Ok?
What spec is this priesr
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/n3WVpK2vBGMkFARj#boss=-3&difficulty=0&type=healing&source=6
@Bael
So the top speedrun and first i clicked is ids
Lmao
Tk speedruns?
Jpaint would be a very good femboy
So would shaggy
Do you want femboys to be big or small
!seedfixed
!flap fixed
smh
nethervoids just an upgrade without the hit but its very dog yes
i feel like bael didnt really want him banned just wanted an excuse to post trampolines
but he did post that shit
dont lie
i think your a bit wild on this take most anime aint like that
I think that kinda take is just kinda ignorant
What Attack on Titan, Cowboy Bebop, Ghost in the Shell, idk all these popular animes have none of this school girl shit
meanwhile hollywood out there ACTUALLY diddling kids
I feel like these are llike just big animes
you heard of this wholle epstein shit
you know
your favorite actors
diddling children
you dont think hollywoood sexualizzes young girls
really
is that really your take
fine
JESUS CHRIST SCANLAWN DIVE SAID NO
We have to listen to the mods they banned like 2 ppl in 2 days
thats more than 2 years
mayo second ban
lets say mayo liked men alot more than women
but not in the good way
i bet tvman does!
no
tvman needs to finish buying all his gear
and then save up to pay his raid off
how many dmgs did you beat your warlocks by
when we just end spriest
and get smiteweaver
i feel like smiteweaver does more dmg w high haste
it smites and weaves I just invented it
this is the true priest spec
priests are just too puss
to be the greatest support thy can be
council is pretty cool I just think its lame they constantly dispelling dots
i do
atm
!ban voidcrab?
!jparse3?
!howtocouncil

wait 2x in a row jpaint?

wait

jpaint gave the bitch 3 shadowbolts in resist aura then was like huh 1k dmg sbolt 3 times
Im going for the reflector
for the record paint

you didnt test snapshotting
you just smashed that bitch
w shield up
yo this man is playing fire in 2022
first death wasnt as fun

just stood in blizz and consec for 2 seconds
both of these are good jpaint plays
@jpaint why are you fire lmao
KEK

we should have ptred
21 wipes
they went AQ after?
but no wipes there
they went AQ AND TK and SSC

wiped on akama
I actually feel so good about myself right now
@jpaint you said it wass bad
lmao
you must have been cracking up
when I message you
thinking your actually racing
for WF
your like
you wanna know the truth
we just wiped on akama bitch
dam is my guild actuallyl good
I didnt even realising we were pulling akama and itjust fell over
Jpaint
<Plugged Up>
juju cheated on bael
jpaint would never cheat on me
butt plugs p normal these days
its kinda weird if you dont have one rerally
my glowing nightseye
i heard if you get three 7s in a row khira gives a special prize
is there also man girls like instead of grown men dressing like little girls 
little girls that dress as grown ass men
yea you tell em
hes the undead
from the mage
yea
thats how you get the new role
is that you?
jesus christ llinelo
yall are spoiled af
but I dont really care gz
you got like crazy splits going or wht
are all the ppl in your raid alts or somethin
equip it pussy
Show it equipped
You full of shit
No balls
Lame af
wat
Probably wont play no time
Vestments / belt until you get boots
If you get boots you can gem that
If you dont have vest just quit
why orange in legs
2 hit ded
i mean that highly depends on what gear you have
I guess I dont look at full bis much
for now the hit is deadf
for the foreseeable future
its dead
but sure
in full bis not dead
wont this go over hit?

look sim your own gear the wowhead guide has nothing wrong w it
what even are these sets chainsmoker
you provide no info to what your trying to sim
your simming 1 ring
literally missing 1 ring
your simming belt of blasting
like what even is this
but
wowhead bislist
is this:

wtf are you even simming
What the hell is this?
what are you even doing?
WHAT DOES THIS SAY?
Can you read?

!bis
Hannu

Are you alliance or something?
red bis
nvm
stupid auto fill hit to gloves enchant
okay
this is 163 hit rating:

however
you COULD use 1 orrange hit gem instead

which is what zephan did in his bis list
and I think this is actually better
so this setup loses .45 crit to gain 6 sp and 1 hit
@Hannu
True bis?
1 green gem
gets you to exactly 13%
then double red instead of hit bonus
yea
i dont think hit gem green is bis
but I dont like that you wind up 1 hit off
i think you right that prolly sims better
II feel like this SHOULD be true
but the issue is
ok in a vacuum hit green > any purple gem in game.

However, you can turn your orange 6 sp 5 crit gems into 6 sp 5crit 2 hit by getting more socket bonuses. Which is best value
heroic green gem would still be better than purple
you just dont need it
y
y as in
yes
so zephan trolled slightly on gems I reckon
went 3 over hit cap
rather than going 1 under
yea
I think hannus setup is better
you go 3 over hit to lose 10 crit rating
have to sim to be sure
you basically ran hit gem in gloves instead of just getting socket bonuses
no worries zeh
zeph
I dont care to fchange my whole sim atm to verify
but I reckon hannu is right
and his setyup simis better
me personally I go red in legs because im a TOC cuck I think
1 small gem off
ye
kelman begins
Illidari Council seems almost just as contested tbh
I dont think druids need haste cloak
illidari council is contested by ele boomy mages
dropped first kill for us
doesnt drop
week 2
lel
yea so for me haste cloak is less contested than caster cloak
we have 2 eles a boomy
our healer prierst only wants pvp gear
im third on haste cloak
after 2 resto shams
why would toc matter
o
yea
I cant fit nethervoid
ill take it in the short term sure
but ill still go healer cloak I think
that dont work
screenshot it
y
thing that helped us :
- Dont just hit the Pala with magic dmg when he has resist aura, swap targets
- Cleaving the rogue with the paladin when threat was safe to do so
- gtfo the fire if your standing in 2 ticks of ffire/cons/blizz your fucking trolling this isnt degen parse party
- Make sure you have a phys and magic kick assigned to the priest
what will make a mage understand its better next phase
because they will drop skull?
Zhardoom still sims better
for what
lol
I looked into this with my mage I think
Theres various swaps you can do for a no skull setup
Zhardoom will still come out better
eg; using T6 chest with T5 legs for more hit
uh I was able to get a 15-20 dps diff
with 1 vate
iirc
have to setup the mage sim CD timings tho
was aids
with or without
wym?
IDK I used to think like you that it was 5 dps because thats what I heard
but my mage reallyl wanted zhardoom so I sat down with him
simmed it out
came to conclusion yea its still small on ST
but they can get a similar ST gain to us
https://wowsims.github.io/tbc/mage/index.html#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
@Hannu heres my mag sim config
at least the one I save
get about 10 dps gap w zhardoom vs toc w this
which is worse that I remember
new one
https://wowsims.github.io/tbc/mage/index.html#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
idk mages ran it w me before said it gives trust worthy results
I think hannu right
shroud gets alot better if you double vate
im just saying
it depends alot on your assumptions
put what makes sense for your guild
gremmer I think that mage sim is fine
I even looked at the results with scanlawn and
Broski
they said it seems to give good results
all the class discs are starting to converge on that sim format
theres same format for ele, boomy, etc
I like the timeline view
I dont think thats whats going on
i think that if your mage doesnt get 2 vates
TOC is ~6 dps better
than zhardoom ST
but zhardoom is still an AOE dps gain
and so
you want your mage to get no skull AND no zhardoom
but good fucking luck
our mage is getting zhardoom and not skull
sounds fucking fine to me
So my UI never works for lust swaps in combat.

I have narrowed down my issue to being the Weakauras addon. If I disable Weakauras addon, I can swap groups in combt fine.
Does anyone know more about this topic?
Is there certain settings in weakaura I can change to fix
I have a friend who doesnt have this problem witth weakauras
I can try that
I just dont want to disable all my weakauras because its a mess
its definitely something in weakauras for me
I disable the addon it works
I enable it it doesnt work
clear as day
but
IDK I just removed and disabled alot of WA and still having the problem
wondering if its some kind of setting
Im not using  a weakaura to swap
something in weakauras is preventing me from MANUAL swapping
in combat
when I disable weakauras completely, I can swap in combat
when they are on
I cant
LOL
mage really gets so little out of ele vs resto
I dont actually believe there is any guild that consistently grey parses locks and 90+ parses their mage spriestt
I see you consistently grey parsing gruul.

Your guild was just bad. The warlocks werent some exception.

This is what you got all the time

Cmon bruh
Lmao
It was on healing wtf
Yes
You sure?
You actually do math?
Cause Im p sure your wrong
Not necessarily
And at aoe cap in hyjal
Wrath totem dont matter
3 hit dont matter
It wasnt even close at aoe cap
When I mathed it
Like it was no shot
I alrdy did the math
Why do I have to do it again
Because a raccoon is doubting
We got like 120 dps from 3 crit at cap. Magma totem is 100 dps per target. Theres like 12 targets in hyjal wave. Its not even close
Yea we did the cap math too
Its not even close spoar
There may be a point w haste and skull that seed can catch up
But doubt it
The benefit of crit totem still changes from 6 to 10
O if 6 is your cap num
Ok
O cmon
This
If your shaman wanna sit back and drop wrath its fine but your gonna have to cook some very specific scenario to say wrath > magma
I sont even know about nova but magma good
You can pre walk in hyjal come the fuck on
Anyways this is dumbest hill to die on your talking 120 dps on seed packs. Its nothing
I think in bt it defs depends more on your raid pace and the pack you are on
But caring about 100 seed dps is cringe
Dont cry if your shaman uses some totems on trash
You can do nade walkup ypu can pre position
Unless you wanna be like "hey eleboyxxx you didnt nade that walk up thats a dps loss for my seed" just fcking deal w it
Magma is 100dps per target
I didnt even look at nova totem
Yea
But still shits on 100 seed dps per lock at cap
you cant join w another account easily anymore
I wanted to get the fight club sims
couldnt do it
need a second phone
ill enable your server
jesus christ bro
crocs are weird af bro
make no sense
theres plenty of comfy foot wear
@Sheefy / Shamanisticc Im wearing T6 gloves and I swapped to voideheart pants
it sims better by a good margin
IDK why Lencovic is telling you other wise but I dont think hes ran the sim in his life
20 dps ish iirc
the thing is
the fights you stand still and cast so sure dont immo
but
catabolt doesnt sim as better than immo spec spamming bolt
on 2 minutes
so might as well be immolate
and just use it selectively
like on the pull and such
I think double active is underrated if you get 2 lusts and 2 active uses off
like a 2:40 fight
but quags sims quite a bit better and the proc doesnt get wasted much in these fights
whats wrong w that
idk why ppl think quags proccing on curse
is so bad
the GCD itself doesnt benefit from the haste?
Ofc
Selling hearts is cringeee
Doesnt your gbank have like 80k from selling vortex loot
What does guild need more gold for
Plate belt
Sells best
Not true
80k gold from mainly plate belts
Lol
Thats just weong
Maybe your server is dead
Yea on non dead server shit sells easy
Lol we made literally 80k gold selling them
I am on faerlina megaserver
We had 10 layers on patch launch
Anyways whats gbank need gold for noe
Yea yea the server that like all the major guilds came to and hasn't had a streamer since p2 classic
Spoar you are 100x more cringe than asmongold lets be honest
Nothing
Can buy some necks/ drums for raiders
What for sure majoroty voted to ban cock
Noone wants chicken
Zephan it's february
Your santa hat
Gotta go
Go on a date w someone
Get a new hat
fuuc
you
fuck*

on average, what sims better is  going to be better
and thats bowiz on most seed packs
yea I mean you can think critically about an individual trash pack
but pretending its bad because you can get a proc on a curse or at the end is just wrong
you can always swap your weapon too mna
if you get a proc too early  swap it
if your prot pala gets silenced
and that somehow means you cant use bowiz
swap
ofc zhardoom beats bowiz
I dont think that surprises anyone
Bowiz has a use in BT if you dont have zhardoom.
Its not BIS for every single seed pack
but it has a use
how about using it on akama himself
in the first phase of fight
?? you take it off bro
I thought you said you stan boweaving
and then you dont even know what boweaving is
yea just swap it when you life tap
any gcd will do
its also just better when your aoe capped and the pack is short
EG the pack before Teron that has a ton of small dudes and the one big spinner warrior
your aoe capped. bowiz proc is the only thing that COULD increase your dmg here
you say it wont proc but thats just not true
it defs can proc
it wont crit
:p
you think that gaining what 1% crit is better than gaining a bowiz proc
LOL
again
false
you aoe cap at like 8 mobs with succ sacced
doesnt bowiz just sim better than fang tho
on a short aoe fight
like
you cant just say that bowiz proc wont do anything because mobs die too fast
it very well COULD give you an extra seed explosion
and that shits all over fang
and you have a sim
to make that decision for you
I agree
but I think there is room for bowiz usage in BT.
QUESTION
is it actually worth to swap targets on council
the top parse literally just bolts gathios


https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/2zwHbkFVNg1prqhD#fight=68&type=damage-done&source=14
no pen

I dont get iit man
if swapping is good
surely he wouldnt win w just RNG and spamming gathios
0 pen
3/5 in top 5 dont swap
7/10
in top 10
didnt swap
im thinking like any significant movement/loss of uptime just isnt worth
if you can be crystal clean swapping
do it
but can spriest maintain weaving on both targets?
also
all other targets get dispelled regularly
that means debuffs get knocked off
are your locks putting ele back yp over and over again
even if your SP could keep weaving up on 2 it will get knocked off periodically
Gathios will not get dispelled like this
2 ppl in the top 10 appeared to use that strat hannu
none in the top 5
I agree that that seems like a good strat but knocking off all debuffs periodically is still kinda fucked isnt it
fair
me neither
its just kinda funny this guy is number 1 with just spamming gathios
even if he rolled 48% crit
thats not THAT insane
is it possible for two glaives to drop
hes joined salad bakers I see
warrior is fun class
illidan ded btw
no
gas gas
lool
wcl is so lame
they didnt fix
they ban it in WCL
apparently
what is akama cheeser
that is just the proper way to do akama cmon man
ppl been doing that for years
yea
that part
lmao
dual spec wouldnt fuck anyone over at all
theres no reason not to have it
yea wel
changes alrdy happened
fuck em
thats such a weak argument tho
if ppl dont wanna play a spec
they arent gonna forced to play
pork?
what about
sausage
ðŸ™‚
HI
just go trash farm
jpainting trash farm
yea your alt
zzzz
i have gold
whens next lock talk
maybe we can make an arrangement
no i just want jpaint to show cam
mayb say heezy is best lock on faerlina
at the end
i duno
I raided
I did 1 million attempts on illidan
and all he dropped was a stupid headband
when is next lock talk parse breakdown for tier 6 content w jpaint live cam sponsored by healspls
basically you wanna line up multiple shadowboltst into reflect shield
and then you come to lock talk and say it doesnt snap shot
i try to
im more a cheerleader
yea were besties
he gets really mad
and then he gets a skull
and then he logs out
for 24X7 hrs
pay healer
and play degen
i think
soulston yourself
ofc
use your cds on deaden reflect and shit
and
dmg ramps at the end right
you wanna use ur cds
at the end
yea
i wonder if jpaint has any good plays on reliquary yet

jpaint is fireweaving

for some mysteriousreason he lost touch of shadow
and went fire mode

he just said fuck it bro
@jpaint
jswap?
the spriest did die
what a god
he fuckin jswapped
he jswapped with his Js on
looks nice
but also looks exactly like my car
and mines probably way cheaper
brz
looks same
cost nothing


same shit
in your nissan 400z?
needs more zhardoom
no
buy mine
mine was cheap
13 CAD
A KIA?
bro
jpaint you drive a KIA?
do you also eat food stamps
II didnt even know kia still exist
ok duuude
you guys are full of shit
sheeesh
its kia bro
if its bis but it looks like ass do you still wear it

it looks like it had a baby like 5 months ago and the weight is still kinda kickin around
hjow the hell did fucking kia
become bis
thats ok it looks cool
what color is the jpaint
thats not silver
thats grey
thats literally no color
its called grey
We did demon phase
Its p easy
Even if you could only lasts 10 s
Why is cheesing illidan om
Ok
But cheese arch is dumb noob guild strat
Archi is also higher dps strat
Why woukdnt you just blast
If you can just blast
Clever use of game mechanic
Its cheese because you dps him during his rp right
He bugs out
Maybe some guilds dont do that
No you time it dont you
Arent you supposed to push him so that he is stuck in demon RP
Lol
You guys are losers
Blow just cringe he only around to insult ppl
Do ppl not push illidan so that he is stuck in RP and you get to blast 15% of phase 5 for free ?
99 in first week is just getting lucky and getting to stand still
then spriests are dogs
ppl defs grief each other in GDKP
all the time
bid up items and shit
and yes its part of it
doesnt mean they arent assholes
loool
you can?
why do you need aff lock
you can just run 1 shadow
thats even better than an affli
for spriest
yea
because aff lock uses other spells
shadow destro
spams bolt
more ISB
just depends how many casters you have
but yea
pfft arcfire is still fine
I bet arcfire gap and arcfrost has closed
alot
because
arcfrost has haste cap problems
arcfire could run haste more easily
skull pog
shut up hannu
sure sure
fuck mages yea yea
that doesnt change the fact that you can use more haste gear as arcfire
and in theory
the gap between the two is reduced
this phase because arcfire can wear better items
what
because you dont have icy
you will also oom less on the sim
Im not sure
maybe
arguing what
all I have said is just true
Im not saying that you should go run arcfire
Doxxious
have you ever tried
not being
omega fucking cringe
in every conversation
?
you have literally had a stick up your ass since I came to lockcord in naxx
and I think its just going further
and further
up
as time goes on
nah bro
looool
no your just rude af to ppl for no reason
and then tell me I need to see my psychiatrist
for saying that a spec does slightly more dmg w haste gear than another spec
in a video game
lmao
noone was being rude to each other we were just talking game
your the ass hole here
and you know 100% you have been malding about me since naxx
dont deny it
whatever you say bro
ill keep calling you out every time your sandy vag starts leaking
doxxious just hates when hes wrong cant handle it
i have literally never seen doxxious have a good take except for on imp howl of terror in tbc leveling
ðŸ™‚
yes
but , spacing CDs out
is bad
i mean
obvious reasons
also
mana
veins will oom you more
like a 1 vate mage on 3 min sim has issues wearing certain haste pieces because of mana
however, if you didnt have veins, youd wear those haste pieces just fine
therefore, haste gear closes the gap between arcfire and arcfrost
it doesnt really
other than me being right
and doxxious being wrong
as usual;
they would
lol
lol
I cba to mage sim again but I am right
it is situational tho
If your arcfrost has plenty fo vates
then yea they can wear haste pieces just fine
if you sim 1 vate, on 3 minutes, some haste pieces such as the cloak are a dps loss
so it would depend
but a 1 vate arcfire would use haste cloak, not illidari cloak
for example
a 1 vate arcfrost would not
no i actually simmed that doxxious
you can go sim it yourself to confirm
5 dps diff lol
yea depending on your exact sim settings
you might get that
hence why I said its situational
ðŸ™‚
beeing banned on mage disc is a mark of honor
Get into kara for your 0.33 dps neck onthe mana breakpoint
And you called our convo pointless
What did you guys do
Lol
Faerlina discord is literally just for talking shit
Soubds right
i use ranks in macro because someone said there was a bug where it was casting low ranks
you sure?
100% droprate
no fix
but I heard WCL banned it
you could just detect if 20 ppl get hit by air burst
lmao
wait how is it a dps loss
i just dont see the point of ever getting that trinket
quags just sims better
how can motc be worse
lmao
assuming it works
dmf is still worse than MOTC
AND worse than Quags
yea
lol
yea
im salty because no skull for me
and rude to ppl for no reason because of it
thats what you sound like
im fine
poor caedo
doesnt deserve your bullshit
lol no
you were just rude to this random guy for no reason bro
check yo self
lmao how
thats fine bro be mad you are making fun of random dude on the internet for joking about loot RNG in a video game
yea I dont care either
just rude af to random dude fer no reason
"your projecting"
"I dont even care bro"
no
1 million attempts on illidan and all he dropped was stupid headband
o  and healer trinket
o thats brutal
bruh

look at this cloak
im stuck with
kill me
on the brightside
2 shamans only have healer cloak on list
I passed cloaks 1 million times but it is small ultimately
Fuck off gasgas
Done 4 raids no cloak
Im going haste cloak or bust
Yawn its a joke
Because we can sim motc and motc is 5 spellpower better
Than a perma stacked darkmoon card
Is full bis really the crossover for quags
Or isit mid bis
You can sim motc vs quag man.
Depends what gear
Still swear for double icon w double lust
Motc quag icon pick 2 youll be fine
Hildi needs to change second lust timing on sim
Ret taking cvos is fine fuck hunters
Yea fuck the headband
Bruh my enhance got it and cant even equip
I feel like enhance lie about how good it is
If this man cant even wear it
No way the alternative can be that dogshit if hes wearing t5 helm over it
Lol yea stabile
Such a crock o shit
So many hit swaps
You can do

i feel like T6 is huge for me on 2h arms
because all the alternatives are unusable haste items
and I get like 1400 arpen
in full bis
but I could be cope
hit not haste *
and stormrage signet p fat
what a stupid game
is that just on anetheron
or like
every boss
lol
wait
we didnt do anything fancy
and the footman still fucked up anetheron
stabile I think your cooked
dmg taken by anetheron in our raid

is same as dmg taken in that log you posted
ok so you are just making sure all the footmen aggro?
instead of engaging early?
I thought you were saying tthat you get footman pad on the boss
by engaging it late
the integrity of speed kills
I feel like that went out the window the moment ppl int wiped on maulgar
yea
what if you just hide in the corner
let the npcs hit it fforever
and then come engage it at the end
when you thought you pumped the boss as arms
but farmed by footmen
pls note the arms that is ahead of the fury ret and rogue
chad gamer

spriest lost to jaina bro
zdoom prio
so they can beat jaina
whats the difference noob
we have been talking about dmg taken

wow jpaint
dmg taken
= dmg done
who coulda thunk it
tvman will show us e way
boys
are we worried about this

i know I know
well get gear
but rogues will get glaives
and arpen
and have op set bonus too
rogue gonna farm warlock?

oof
the bottom half tho
feral is in survival hunter teritory mate

calm down stabile
this is supposed to be warlock cope
not feral cope

900 dps 99
must be nice


lmao
imagine double lusting physical on a 1:27 fight
their cds are all down
after lust 1
yea seems like so many guilds
just lust their fury
because he will cry if they dont
such a scam man

cmon stabile
tru
imagine ppl lust shadow priests
and they say they are trying hard

yea those 3 pumper mages there
and the spriest
owning
Im just glad we killed illidan so yall cant give me shit all phase for it
2nd spriest is ban
1000 dps class
That takes isb
Ppl did feral dps w dpuble spriest grp on private tho @Stabile
Infinite powershift idk you tell me
What is best worst comp
Worst comp is  all spriest
Or prot warr
But all prot warr might kill a boss
W shield wall rotation
All shaman is best worst comp
5 ele group warden tank
Perma lust
All shamans is better
And worse
Owned
Yea im p sure well beat mages by end of phase
Overall and on encounter
Fury hunter rogue on bosses are scary tho
Ye
They are doing well and will get glaives. Short fights help em alot
You can look at average dps in last week no chickens
Fury is still up there
You really think all 99th percebtile is 5 squawk?
I know i know. But glaives are massive too
And fights will get even shorter
Thing is locks own on illidan
The avg dps stat averages 1 min rage winterchill into 6 minute illidan
As if they are same weight
Like 300+  dps on a 1:30 foght w reck
Lol cmon hannu
Do I really gotta go sim that for you
Really
Have you eber looked for them tho
Theres no p3 preset on warr sim
I cba either
we do Im just not going to go prove it to you
too lazy to run sims

but I trust simonize
and fury should be even higher
and thats vs second best weapons
in BT
not vs T5 setups
what about arms
holy fuck han
3 minute fight hannu
now to do 1 minute because the fights are fucking short af
on 3min
the worst time
for a warrior
to have
1 minute fight
comes out to 233 dps
but ofc there is cleave
and there is reck
which will push higher
i hope you're just right tbh hannu
I believe in you
council seems like, really bad for warlock
and so do 1 minute fights

hope so hannu
i really do hope this flips
but catching up to hunters when they are up by 300 dps
idk
I hope so baby
look at council....
loool

but illidan
lock is king
council seems like a fucking scam of a fight man
lock will catch up to mage no problem scanlawn
you guys are done gaining dps
for the expac
no more items that meaningfully change your dps
nah just get 4 pce t6
bruh they dispell debuffs constantly
all casters are massive dog shit on council its actually fucing pathetic
thats actually pog
it was lower than I thought
but 300 dps really for T6?
99th percentile warlock dps
lets tack 6% on there
gained 96 dps
now obvs this is nerfed number cause of council
but thats reasonably what you expect to change, at least for this number.
nvm
i fucked up
had illidan selected

heres all bosses
120 dps from the set bonus
now
a 1 minute blaster fight?
Teron we got like 2400 dps
that gives you 144 dps from the set bonus
@Hannu Yes, glaives are massive
t5
t6
still less than glaives
thats a 3 min
just swapping on 4 pc
no other gear
and adjusting for hit
changing to ogre magi cloak and such
yea if we round up warrior number it will be over 300
but yea
hannu right
why did we even doubt him
T6 is 300 dps
on hannu si
sim*
hannu simming be like



hell no
its not gonna be that big of a changer
lock isnt that fight len dependent
i reckon itll go up mayb 20 dps

hannu sim
for some reason thats an option in dropdown

boys
we are in it
when can we get 18 Innervate
another important hannu sim (TM) setting


we are best scaling easily
6000 dps
does anyone actually have presets
for T5 and T6
and can ballpark the dmg diff on 3 min

heress warr on 3 min
~ 400 dps gain WITHOUT reck from full bis T5 to full bis T6
whats the same number for warlock
one of you actually has a sim config
handy
cmon now
if jpaint says 600 its probably 300
i was curious
@Scanlawn heres your best* killtimes
this is 150 second fights on average
yes
yes
Yes louki thse numberes will get shorter
thank you
for the tip
we didnt know
yea thanks for your contribution
neither
realistically its 2:30 on average
so its literally fine to do either 2 or 3 minute
and equally incorrect
for your raid
to do either
so im agreeing
and disagreeing
but really im just providing info
yea yea yea
for illidari council
you literally just
killyourself
fuck
that fight
juts do jpaint strat
sbolt the refect shield
put yourself out of misery
try to get 7 again
top c ouncil parse
is incin spam on gathios
2nd top parse
is sbolt spam on gathios
neither wore spellpen
based on this I feel like spen set + spam on gathios
might actually be p good
like not all spen
but like 4 p T6 w hatefury
cloak enchant
etc
is there some way to lower a bosses resists
like any items
or other cheese
from careful analysis
my conclusion on how to parse illidari council
is get 3 lusts
and 50% crit
and it doesnt matter what you hit
srry meant council
ofc you are you
you little
yw contributor when

yo wtf
that is spriest required
@Blow
where this
dming
this is spriest prio
have to wear it
did you actually block me
boys

what else is there
theres gotta be more out there
weird random item
procs
I have eye of moam actually

look my locks will never put up ele properely
cant trust spriest to reweaving
putting debuffs up again
is the hard part
not telling everyone to dps him
losing weaving every 30 seconds or w.e
losing ele
losing misery
losing ISB
losing everything
is that really worth
doesnt seem like it from parse results
i dont know the exxact interval sigh
hannu
you ar exhausting
what is it every minute?
actually looks periodic
and RNG
so you could estimate the uptime
we pen 88 resist with ele
30 with elixir
100 with moam?!
218 / 250 penned
how much is it
and then gem some spell pen?
why dont we use spell pen blues
instead of stam
like 1x hatefury mantle
and your penning
the entire aura
hatefury + 4 pce
or spell pen neck
Do bosses have base resist
that we pen past w elements
or is  it 0
like is 250 the pen number we need to hit
in theory
i feel like im asking a legit question
ands your being an ass hat
can you fuck off
sim what I dont know boss resists
thats a setting on sim
shut the fuck up
k thanks for answering my question
dont tempt me bitch
yea but noone gave a fuck then
exactly bro
you can get alot with a little
but
100 from moam
seems not worth
so would need more
I could sim a bit w this knowledge
no you do that
good idea
why do they never shield the pala
are they just coded not to
debuffs are aids bro
losing weaving constantly
losing ele constantly
losing misery/isb
yes
the blessing of spell warding
knocks off all debuffs
sure
idk man if this strat was so good
why do all the top parses
smash gathios
that doesnt matter
it gets knocked off bro
they have to reup
the 5 weaving
even if they instantly react to the shield dropping
which lets be honest
they arent doing
they have to reup 5x weaving
shut up loser
post your logs
lets see your spriest
be a god
uh no i wasnt
we killed council week 1
try again loser
post your logs
lets see your spriest
we did hyjal too
lol
post your logs
lets see your spriest
and warlocks
keep up debuffs
on the mob
because your guild is "good"
and mine is "bad"
yea until the warding hits
but whats the loss of weaving VS the loss of wearing enough pen
also
you have to hit another, undebuffed mob
while the mage has shield
killlogic ran away
who woulda thought
Progress Spriest managed both p well
Heres my spriest

nice fucking game
the king blow
you gotta work on your weaving uptime on mage
yea so
weaving not kept up
in your raid
click on shadow vuln
to see the stacks
youll see each of those short periods
are not full stacks
i agree its not hard
but is it worth :p
I dont actually know but I dont think so
no debuffs is like -20% dmg ?
more?
if this was the case, almost certainly ppl wouldnt top by smashing gathios
itd be way too big loss
88
162 res
your mom
no but I kinda alrdy did
so 40% dmg loss from 162 res?
but its only up like 30% of the time or something
and
you can pen

so 1 pen is 0.21% dmg?
so 5 pen is 1% dmg?
pen sounding hella worth
no
grief raid for parse week 2
thats how you do it
week1 no grief
week 2 big grief
and what if you get ported twice
rocket boots gone
ded?
no
!dmdeck
both have been done
both are dogshit
gg
same
happy to hear it tbh
dont wanna buy them
actually
the seed one
woulda been nuts
so ye I guess disappointing but wasnt expecting that to work
only 2 person got 99
sad
soildsr
what happened tho
1061 dps wait no 1420

look at this meme
I worse 330 sres
tanked 2 demon phases
and beat another warlock
that had real gear on

sadge i know bro
idk our pala was monka at the kiting thing
so we decided to blow lust on P2
make it easier and practice the later half
and then it was just really easy
that wasnt the problem
he would like
finish kitning, double back and thats where the problems came
I think he kited too fast
IDK
and then I think he could just
not do whatevver he did when he doubled back
but it was aids so fuck it
boss died
doxxious still didnt kill council
tested
it sucks
!dmdeck
yea idk our dps is p good normally tho
Im not sure it was a dps issue
so much as the pala doing something wrong
but idk
we typically have really solid killtimes
our dps is good
we have a nice comp
i duno
i was wearing 330 sres and top 5 on the meter
just got my jab in
and this seems like our dps was slacking
pepehands
we are bad but we arent usually bad at doing dmg
maybe the monkeys were all using demonslaying
ill check
that would make sense why elements are slow
demonslaying works?
ok
cool
ty
alli has worgen and pandaren
and draenei have hooves
yea they both have panda
and 1 other furry
o vulpera
2 other furry
is eye of moam
personal
or raid wide
ghey
ROFL
no way bro
still really good for aoe tho right
alright gonna need that mqg nerf back blizz
put em in the dirt
i thot you quit mage
skull
mages learning how proc trinkets work
huh
SR
and prio
does not compute
bael
post selfie
number3
i 99 parsed
xelrog 100 pog
i beat jpaint again
@jpaint i just scored  a 7 on illidan

I got shoulder pog

i look dope
looks better than this
Literally noone thinks that
!dmdeck
fuck the dm deck


game looks p good yea
fister class nice
Hi Zephan your guide is very good and I appreciate it
When will incubbus demo and DN get a guide
Where is the boweaving section
wake up to 3 mages crying about skull because they didnt know how proc trinkets work in TBC
your still sitting on SCB and ashtongue bros
what you overcap w veins + Ashtongue
hannu is right
skull is like MQG a swap-on trinket
when veins is down
for AOE
and so you barely use it because you have a plethora of god tier trinkets
you wont use it on CD
@Jujutsu you yourself used MQG 13 times total in all of MC and Hyjal
3 hour run
BT
whatever
quit yo bullshit
you can get a skull after boomy
mages actually expect to get full bis everry phase
thats how cooked they are
they think "I should be the one caster that gets full bis every phase and if I cant get that I am going to be mad"
toc chronicle SCB Ashtongue trinket
enjoy
does MC in hyjal blacklist logs
like if you use on bosses
krymer I thought you quit mage
warlocks will farm mages by end of tier
alrdy starting really

we coming


not yet
soon
ðŸ™‚
theres not many parses of geared warlocks yet
so I look max a bit to see if mayb a few kitted warlocks pushing up
its not science its wcl
whispers in the wind
of the warlock come up
heres a warlock this week that got ffull T6 week 1

look at him stagger over the competition
Week 1 no T6:
Week 2 w T6:
bye mage
lol copium
warlocks just get skull
and trinket
stays shit
enjoy krymer
you know what I enjoy krymer
raiding w my friends from start of game
and not swapping guilds/servers so I can kill bosses
we are miles above all your guilds
actually playing game and enjoying it
xelrogs guild is fracturing and chased off server by doxxers
blows guild is like his third one in TBC lol
imagine flexing your guild that you joined in P2 TBC
krymers guild is again his third in TBC
imagine playing this game for WCL and not to play w friends
sheesh xelrog
imagine your doxxixng ppl over wow
or involved in that level of drama at all
over video game
old af easy mode vvideo game
dw by end of phase Ill once again parse better than all you regulars in your cringe guild
just by being objectively superior at this game than all of you
by sheer force of will
did it phase 1
did it phase 2
phase 3 will be no diff
o krymer thinks im talking to him
i havent read your last 10 messages bro
actually no
I dont get notification when you reply to me
who
krymer?
krymer :
âœ… Wrong about fire spec
âœ… Wrong about mage dps (farmed by fury and TV Man in mage best phase LOL)
âœ… Wrong about skull to mages
âœ… 14 years old
âœ… farmed by locks in T6
âœ… quitting mage every month cause of existential crisis/cognitive dissonance
âœ… Swapping guilds and servers just to clear 15 year old content
âœ… Still trying to flex his guild's achievements, as if they are his own and somehow validate his pathetic existence (what achievement even?)
shut up or ill seed you and only you
mages just here because they are mad they didnt know how prroc trinkets work all of TBC
because they been rolling in their 15 trinkets

foolipe coping in the comments
NICE
@Foolipe
lool
this is the new wowhead writer everyone
he litrally spends his time on discords
and reddit
spreading misinformation
1998
they might need zd and skull for their bis
never gonna see it tho
unlucky
mages retired

my man
younger than me so your a child
im
29
âŒ selfie posted
jeremiah did you get enuogh gold to raid this week
do you need anything honey
maybe a few dark runes
I only support <plugged up>
not <hyperbolic> cringe mage skull raid
ok
i only support <are you fuck me>
isb <plugged up> is on his own
you stayed in guild that is giving mage skull
therefore you are complicit
my format is taking off
jpaint:
âœ… cute
âœ… funny
âœ… skull
âœ… breedable
âŒ face cam
scanlawn:
âœ… mage
âœ… SCB
âœ… TOC
âœ… chronicle
âŒskull
âŒzhardoom
âŒtop dps in T6
âœ… cute
âœ… just right
jpaint do you have nimble thought bracers
i dont think jpaint is engi
hes a T5 helm enjoyer
ok

nice min maxing jpaint
120 armor pog
on cd in hyjal
as I feel in BT
obviously one is better than the other risk wise
and the other is better for dps in general
i just seed seeed seed
tap jump in and sapper
What do locks even bug khira about
They dont have more crit
You gem crit
2 seed set 2 shadow set
2 shadow res set
1 mother 1 illidan
20 of each bomb
30 shards
Bags are full b
Lool omg they still malding about chicken in wcl disc
Still
https://us.forums.blizzard.com/en/wow/t/tbcc-what-am-i-gonna-do-with-allll-these-chickens/1154469/17

10k crits are so last phase
start posting 11ks or gtfo
no i mean real 11 ks
on real bosses
i did 10998
didnt post tho
cause not 11
what did locks do to Khira
!mayhem
ryu
did you see you beat me
on posting parse
wait
dont go
is there a command for ghostowls graph
werent you coming at me trying to make fun of my guild for no reason just yesterday
btw
hannu is in WCL disc now
and hes popping off
popcorn?

responded to this

they are too tame in wcl disc
i was posting for 30 min and noone even posted fight club collage
they dont wanna fight each other just fight khira for chicken
idk tho

someone thuoght hannu was srs
could be getting spicy
you want a good discussion? start one. Think of a topic, start doing research and posting theories, ppl will tell you why they think you are wrong
voila
can get everyone talking about spell pen council in 2 seconds
or optimal opener for warlock
or whatever
they had tons of partials
and still topped
lots of relevant debuffs lost and evven if you insta reapply weaving after spell warding thats a good amount of dps loss
it just seems that the "swapping" or "focus mage" strat isnt that strong considering ppl blasting pala are beating them
and that there may be room to improve here
post your logs where you accurately only hit mobs with weaving up and do well
cmon bro
the other ones are reasonable
also thats diff names than last night
well if the aura is up on pala....
yea my conclusion last night was that blasting mage is probably  a good way to go / top parses being blast pala may just be temporary
but its also not very impactful to your dps to gear for spell pen
and you dont have to deal with reramping weaving/debuffs every 30 seconds
@Aloysius
in theory you can get a really good pen set w very little personal dps loss
but
it doesnt REALLY seem worth
jc neck, theres some other pen pieces/pen gems
eye of moam yea loool
prob not worth tho
im just mad that council feels omega shit on caster
and like an amazing fight on phys
the high roll didnt seem that high tbh
highlight it bro
youll see all the partials
hovr it w mouse
yes foty he high rolled well
but 250 -88 res
is like a 40% dmg loss
overcoming 40% loss with high roll
and its just a 50% crit high roll
not that insane
and many ppl w similar result
eh im not so sure
the 40% loss is only up like what 30% of the time?
ret buff
yea but he literally has to spend ~10 s putting up weaving every time at minimum
and typicallly more hes not gonna react perfect
i know
i know
its RNG
its basically a guaranteee tho
in progress kill he had to reup like 6 times bro
lol
like sure theres a chance you get no spell warding on mage
but
its p low
and at that point, why not pen
none are 100% free
but some are cheap
the cloak ench for instance
hatefury mantle
jc neck
blue gems
the elixir i linked
theres some decent rings
eye of the night for neck

same
!ghostgraph
Where's command for current lockcord parses
Im trying to beat ryu

fjeenzy > marco confirmed
marco cast 2x the curse of elements as fjeenzy
hmm
jpaint has NEVER lost a raid
except in MC
watch out pogress
fjeenzy warlock buttons

Tetsu buttons

whats the diff
yes
your right
but also wrong
because every class is easy mode noob class
its easy mode noob game
marco if they dont do firelock
just gquit again
!marco
jpaint buttons

jpaint is very low on buttons
compare:
fjeenzy sappers
what is Fumble
also
they both summon succubus
not incubus
so prrobably both really bad
yea
no way
poor bb hoof
first ashbringer now glaives
shameless bro
and I cant even be in fight club to see it
gg I guess
yea dark runes are expensive
hannu just says stuff
warrior more expensive tho
smh cant believe baby lost glaives by slacking on consumes
doesnt she farm constantly
https://tenor.com/view/puppet-awkward-looking-what-side-eye-gif-15476992
I was kinda confused too I thought used to be guy
but I just roll w it
dont ask questions
gz
need safe space for bael to post selfies
but Im not tryna hop in the DMs
im scared of the selfie hell send in pms
yea
Mhmm
Posting selfie
Ddavid was mean in mage disc
Trampolineposting
Is what we need
Well
Dms are open
Odaal last visit was pogchamp
Hmm acceptable
Selfies were sent bael qt confirmed
which pizza chain has best stuffed crust
eh not really
dad guilds dont stack locks
meh I think that average guilds do average things to improve their performance just like everyone else
and yea maybe they hyper focus on some topic like dreamstate or w.e
just like everyone else
realistically even progress could put up a super good speedrun time with a boomy in their run
i got hit by eye beam once
my whole pc lagged when it went out
couldnt move
uh
2019 + is what im feeling xn
Papa johns stuffed crust is p good
Any other stuffed crust to try
So far papa john beat pizza hut
Is mentis femboy too
Does he send selfies
Horny and stuff crust arc
Is femboy like full time job or just a  thing you do once in a while
I actually was a sexy nurse for halloween one year
Mayb ill send to bael later
But I had leg hair
Lol clip was good tho
No gameplay just hornypost
In lol chat
Lol . amd b?
What's that mean
Char in league
https://images.app.goo.gl/TxVc7PdPMKn5Fgx49
Every game that isnt wow is bad right guys
Lost ark is like kpop diablo / poe
Looks fun
Summoner
Theres summoner guy i thot
Theres also fister
Like vi
Ill make bael heal my fister
You learned your a cuck in wow
True
lol
i did good trolling on the WCL disc about chicken today
https://tenor.com/view/isnt-it-romantic-thumbs-up-self-pat-good-job-pat-on-the-back-gif-15866585
o yes you can
the browns were already upset
yo
shaggy daggy streams
is that his voice
or does he not talk and open mics his keyboard
you sound fucking adorbs
tekbawl tount
what did the last aussie say at the end
well no ____ for him
ah
https://www.twitch.tv/shaggydaggy69/clip/GiantSquareBeeCorgiDerp-zsWXwaU0H2oxNhzp
gj shaggy

uhhh
i went too far in the clips
https://www.twitch.tv/shaggydaggy69/clip/SpeedyCleverMacaroniOMGScoots-eGOuCABKComEFJmc
whats wrong w sump
he pumpin
you taunt
no harm no foul
unlucky they went bwl and still farmed
like what
okay okay
but whats that have to do with clip
also thts all SFW in australia right
NSFW would be like a cat gif
third warning
all my warnings have been wrongful
no pls

it hurts more when its carl bot


tekbal tount
pseudo mutes were wrongful


does your server have a pool of antivaxx losers
dead in org






jesus christ
gz
what is your trauma btw
and it doesnt show enchant right?

haha
i know
i just log in to /who jpain
the 2007 guild would give nethervoid cloak to a shadow priest and mayhem would throw a fit
jpaints too smart he would probably int wipe and ruin the timeline so that he no longer is playing this game in 2021 and is instead dead
plot twist they gave all loot to mage

and then I heal them with time
I put xelrog in and the server crashed no joke

o it worked


https://narrative-device.herokuapp.com/createstory

yo based
somehow it knew mag = demon

bro
@jpaint

lol nice name xel
its unfortunate that it interprets my name that way
but yea its p entertaining

lol
no
would be funny if something like this accidentally doxxed ppl tho
right
what did warlocks do to dali
he almost played one
and bailed for magus
yea
thats probably it
hes mage
thats arcane for yea
shameless
what class lost ark
I think Shadow Hunter
eh
its like demo lock mayb
mayb more demon hunter
i dont play retail
it has warglaives and turns into demon poggers
theres no summoner class
imagine theres like 4 gun classes and no warlock

bloodboil fel rage even thicker than netherspite

youd have to have a p2 that lasted more than a minute
and deadened right on the doom
they made me tongues instead of doom in p2
is my guild being bad again
(we run 3 lock)
I mean even if it stacked w hellfire its not v good idk why ppl getting baited
Sim trinket before you spend 5k
You can sim a better dmf by just simming motc.
Motc is 85 sp and sims worse then quags
Why would you spend 5k on 80 sp
No
85 sp = worse than quag bro
Why would 80 sp sim better
This isnt hindsight
This is logic. Motc sims worse than quag and dmf is therefore also worse than quag.
Pre stack or not
Huh
Always did
You paladin cuck?
On lost ark?
Can you be fem berserker
Or is it only dude
Yea fuck thst
Shadow hunter
is there actually a reason to infernal on supremus
o just because outside

hes so qt
this is actually how he look in game too
he has skull and T5 shoulder
i said I would buy jpaint more dark runes if he face cams next lock talk well see
now thats content


https://tenor.com/view/yes-sir-yes-boss-military-salute-giving-honor-rip-gif-23161689
my man
heres the problem
I have gotten 3 pieces alrdy
and rest of locks 0
because of  dumb RNG
so
I need some lock loot to drop
so that I can have skull mayb
if it drops
!8ball 2 or more pieces of lock tier tonight?
fuck
2 tier and chronicle
helm glove chronic
im team player
not like cringe mages that all going for zhardoom
u wan sum
yea thats right
bro
my raid tried to tell me im overlooted because I have those items
a feral druid wiith 4 pce t6 and 4 other items
telling me that
ppl fucking hate warlocks bro
literally so many double standards
against warlock
smh
I had to fight for warlock tier over spriest fml
because spriest put tier number 1
im like you prio rogues tier yes? you prioed enh last phase? Mages yep? so why not warlocks
its because theres more warlocks in the raid
so it seems worse
that 4 locks getting tier before someone else
this shit
always happens to meta dps
10 furies in classic and the rogue gets all tier AND DFT
while furies fighitng over 3 items
ppl have issues prioing the meta class loot
but no problem giving the one off class their loot
so cringe
yea but its just dumb double standard
that always happens to the meta dps
was hard getting T2.5 to warrior prio too
because rogue doesnt want to wait for 8 warriors
or w.e
even w darkmantle
exactly
how does that make sense
ppl hate looting the meta classes
so annoying
o we need to give zd to the spriest because hes so underlooted
bitch
he gets like 4 items automatically
while we fight w like 8 ppl in raid for every piece
being on LC is 100x worse than being not on LC
other good warlock in my guild has gotten full fookin bis every phase so far
me never?
bro all the time
im just venting tho its actually nbd
usually I just pass a buncha shit and then take my number 1 item first
tbh
but this phase wishlist is so fucked up
mages putting skull number 1
this one lock not putting skull number 1
and now I gotta do all sorts of dumb shit
imo that one lock is just getting fucked
one is ZD
one guy
put the fucking bracers bro
and another guy (he quit tho) had healer haste cloak number 1 lmao
PG?
yes
NA beat alot of the "good EU guilds"
phoenixx god the parse guild
then id have to play w naxx again
i dont wipe
irl
or in game
https://tenor.com/view/mila-stauffer-whatever-eye-roll-gif-13204669
does it matter when yu kill vashj
if you get 2 vestment
pheonix god its faerlina parse guild
but idk we outparsed them sometimes and we are casuals
we had major attendance issues in SSC TK starrt ok
now we kill illidan in both raids alrdy
so suck me
ty
gj bro we didnt have 5 hrs to spend week 1 on BT
@Crimble
we had ppl w jobs
so we kill week 2
is ok
you didnt even finish illidan in that raid

yea we dont have that time in our schedule
we beat the raid in our alotted time or gg
says nothing about your skill
that you spend 8 hrs week 1
yea all our attuned alts are in second raid
we tried to set up illidan cleanup but not enough ppl
ppl be like spending 20 hrs on PTR and then act like week 1 illidan means something
or spending 8 hrs raiding week 1
talking shit
lmao
ill get skull before you all anyway
yea some guilds are legitimately better than others some ppl just had more free time week 1
there are both factors at play
but this guy crimble talking shit for the 11th time when he spent 5 hrs in BT to not down illidan after 15 attempts
comon bro
go back to hpala disc
lmfao
cooked
i farmed gas gas without even trying  bro
leave pheonix god alone
relapse is kinda based
calm down jpaint
yea exactly
but that doesnt mean individual players in that guild are all unanimously better than every individual player in a not so tryhard guild
theres some dog ass locks in speedrun guilds
ppl are being crringe
the epitome of cringe is flexing your guild
right but still
the epitome of cringe is ppl trying to tell you you are shit because your guild didnt raid as much as them week 1
fuck off
ye ok you can tell me im shit then
jk
even if your guild as awhole does better
doesnt mean your bad
ðŸ™‚
im just in this kinda mood
am I taking bait
or baiting
every time anyone does cringe guild mocking shit its just super lame bro
its one thing to laugh at how dumb ceasars guild is
other thing to pick on ppl based on the guild they play a game in lmao
like how delusional you gotta be
false wow glory
exactly
yea exactly
attack me
not my guild so cringe
i really dont
loool
loool
I roasted NOTA warlocks in fight club once to Easy from NOTA so he got seething and made a collage about me
then the NOTA warlock showed up called me some mean names
I pulled up him dming me questions about seed set
OWNED
and then some dude logs in on fake account every few days to DM my guild members telling them Im cringe in fight club
some ppl just take the game way too srsly
maybe, I think I match the energy I am given. If you trying to lay into me I will clap back.  Hence this cringe  guy giving me shit about my warlock parses and I pull up the NOTA locks that forget trinket uses and do less dps than me with 1 min faster killtimes.
dont say bad things about salad bakers
gfoty will come
and tell you how good salad bakers is
and how you cant talk shit because your not in a better guild
because the guild you play in is most important thing right kekw
stabil who does kicks for you on council
we have rogue doing in one raid arms in other
what you think
is wrong
whats that
you invite hannu and mayhem to guild
and do council?
poggers
yea bro
same
jpaint I just watched most recent lock talk
you didnt talk much
relapse ppl are being cringe but cqs macro is objectively good and one of the best tips you can give a warlock who has basically nothing else to optimize
gdammit it paint
how are you this way
when you simmed sextant did you stick a little 1 second gap in on icon cause no cqs
is that why sextant simmed better
stop bullying relapse
and phoenix god defs called themsevles parse guild
maybe they changed
if you post a selfie rn Ill log in and buy you a stack of dark runes
and you can log out
for few more hrs
hm
only parses that are worth flexing are 7s
!8ball Jpaint triple 7 this week?
if jpaint gets 7 again can we make !jackpot command
jpaint I saw kento in org
how you lose to a UD male

you need roughly 680 dps I think
mayb bit less now
lol i duno
do we count the bolts that hit himself?
guys you are being weirdos
take it to WCL discord
I bound sbolt to 3 diff buttons so that I can have more skill
cant call me 1 buttons spammer anymore
what did he claim that cqs is bad?
or
not necessary?
ok just admit its objectively better to have less cast gaps
and move on
https://tenor.com/view/now-kith-mike-tyson-gif-13249709
jeremiah does things to me
what if the j was just for some lame name
like john
john paint
sounds like another #jpaint lie
he makes false promises
yea its actually better than quags in early gear
but not in bis
theres some crossover
hmm
idk you have some p low "bis" DPS
mayb w diff settings its a bit better
no not that rich
you said youd buy them for yourself
and dont need to farm pvp
???
jpaint is jswiper
he flexed his fancy car
just swipe
its like 500 g per HOD last I looked
so total like 2300 g
i think its really cute how jpaint is rich but farms felwood for his runes every week
like
how cute is that guys
its like he gets peace in felwood w his demon bros
yea
I can see it getting a few dps better depending on sim duration
its just like lemon villai
you wannt spend 5k
for 2 dps over quag?
youll gain more dps buying 1 epic gem
and resocketing
i mean
ok
I did know there is a narrow use case for DMC when we were talking
but dont wanna confuse ppl
it was always objectively not worth
it like use DMC when not demon boss and you arent bis for 2 dps
spend the 5k
if you do that your cooked
sure
its still obvious af that DMC not worth if you run sim bruh
which is what I told you
hannu has found his calling in lock discord
bullied out of fight club
but here he is happy
listen
hannu doesnt have the gear he need s yet
skull is not a big upgrade to hannu
he needs T6 helm
and he will beat every warrior
your basically arguing haste bad
shhh
cast gaps are bad
haste good
you could have snuck in one more sburn or something
cqs just feels right bro
just try it
you dont need to cope and seethe
about being right
not worth
lmao
ðŸ˜¦
I kinda liked him he just had 1 bad take
go paint
paint is parsing w skull first time this week
jpaint do you know how to use skull
its low cd
you have to use more than once in the fight
not like on vash
jpaint
tell me your skull plans
pls make a cqs macro
dont be cringe
and remember it has short C
CD
you can use it many times
not just start of fight
what
relapse is a weak ban bros
shut up
your jpaint
you dont need lusts
or boots
or bracers
or
bomys
or afflictions
you just pumps
be confident
look that ban is weak bros
lockcord doesnt ban for that
mute sure
not ban
dive wouldnt approve
yea samme w half the ppl here
lame
your dont need gear
your jpaint
never lose to another warlock ever
except all those times you did
but its ok
jpaint you should farm 7 runes exactly
for good luck
you try dont lie
!jparse
!jpaint
â¤ï¸
you dont need runes
jpaint if your ever not sure what to do on the boss
you can whisper me
and ill give you my tips
I know the diff demon names are confuse for you
well hmm
i REALLY want you to get 7
so I cant give tip for that
I feel like if you get three 7s I can get on starboard maybe
so
630 dps ish
if you get a 7 you are legend
we can get redditkarma
and like
some points on wcl disc
for being funny
mayb starboard owo
new !jackpot command
!jpot
how good is that
I know its ok pay me later
good luck jpaint
https://tenor.com/view/ochako-anime-cheer-gif-10919823
lockcord if you dont believe in CQS macro your banned
skycrabs america
imagine if a flying crab actually was president
shade = drag mob into center and lust seed
azgalor = dont get silenced
I think sres is worth on azgalor but this disc is cringe and will say its not
im allowed
Jpaint gave me anime pass
it says
I can post anime 2x a week
you are already a god
be confident
@jpaint press shadowbolt extra hard for me
like really smash it
soulstone yourself every fight
you guys are all farmed by me
reroller
outparsed
unlucky
ghostowl whats my parse
i dont know how to look it up
!mylockcordparsepls
ok
now basically
you guys remember
who is king dick
around th3ese parts
only ryu
and xelrog
can even speak to me
be gone plebians
https://tenor.com/view/oh-not-bad-put-crown-on-im-the-king-happy-smile-gif-15074162
lol 99.63 dam right you clown
your a 1:15
and im the 1:12
doesnt even know
unreal
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oYmqJl4MoNI
dont sac
you know how jpaint does w sacs
@jpaint do you need some sappers for raid honey
wtff
the best one was hannu
imo

2 inch
poggers
me and hannu eiffel tower
poggers
do bael and femboys next
https://tenor.com/view/jinny-jinnytty-jeju-auntie-tyongeee-gif-21148197
me and hannu
longer is better
skycrab and  parsing
skycrab and shagcrab
@Foolipe is working on it
he just needs to finish writing lies on reddit
unban healspls
can i just be unbanned but hard muted in all channels
so I can read funny mage takes
and use mage sim more easily
set
me
free
o hes been spamming reddit about how important skull is now that trinket works slightly worse
unban me
let me read the mages malding
for once
yea but it doesnt harm other classes
yuo still dont get skull
gg
what you are trying to do
is inflict false harm on other classes
to make them care
which is not the same thing
your basically blackmailing ppl
its classic mage mod tactics
arcaneanus play book
how is turkey brah
what about ankhar
actually
I hope they fix ashtongue
so that mages cant cope
that the reason they lost in dps
is the bug
when its really because inferior class
same
probably not worth
best part of running affli is never having to be ele duty
more doom for me
and if your CoR duty
and you feel like dooming
whos gonna stop you
a warrior?
lmao
no
you should play incubus demo
or MGI
play skull + haste snpshot green beam
green beam is better
jpaint doesnt have an incubus
I told him how to do quest and he logged off before I got to step 2


meanwhile he responds to the 11th string of his reddit comment sub thread telling ppl how important skull is for mages now that ashtongue nerfed
fillipe1998
why
omg you are such a fucking dodger paint
you have skull
play destro retard
annie
are you ok
no
i dont have aff lock and I dont have fun
i forgot we dont run affli anymore
still havent seen anyone post 11k crit
kinda weird
not on bloodboil idiot
yes its worth. yes its been considered
its literally on the lock bis list
its just not better than anetherons
no you said thats cringe
why dont you say hey kentoe you are my bitch play affli
@kentoe
dam
anetherons is good because it has no hit and you dont need hit , sure waistwrap has haste but that doesnt automatically make it better
another reason anetherons is good is because you put a blue in either it or the slippers
you really want at least one or the other
to put a blue in
yea anetherons sims better but waistwrap is fine
but if you go waistwrap
slippers are going to be valuable
imo
you mean T6 gear looked like t5?
and toc
so you could have the beautiful set
whyyyy
some dumb pala stuff inc
!relapse
haste good
you gotta learn to shill better
haste good
hit good
for prot pala
this is SDKP
silver dkp
not gold
k
is it ACTUALLY true
that archimonde tree
silences you
i saw a SS
with someone silenced
stnding under tree
what bind do you have for shadow bolt
mine is scroll down




i think its fix
o god
i posted in wrong place




ok so maybe fixed, but also new cheese strat
https://tenor.com/view/so-salty-salt-bae-bitter-jealous-angry-gif-17584364
id rather just stand still on every boss
moving is cringe
how is this broken cheese
but we made a imgur of every cheese spot on gruul
yea tanks are cringe what else is new
!anime
p4?
i thought noone did demon phase
my guild does the secret phase
to get best ending
hidden phase
to demon spawn
yea you guys would prob wipe
to demon spawn
wat
im not even 1 yet
im at  work im prob not actually playing that game
but it looks fun
software engineer
aka I copy and paste stuff from stack overflow
y
@jpaint raid is about to start first raid w skull cheer for jpaint
whats the active look like anyway
yea
shit
pin
first one
any good for mages?
prob no
that thing is  just gonna suck unless it has some troll interaction you can abuse right
its ok
but channeled elements is better
and you wont have wings if you go cowl
its nice for a seed set tho
yep
waste
you are correct
yes
I wouldnt whine about that item
lol
ok
then it would be nice to give it to him sure
if vestments for seed set isnt realistic for you
i feel bad for you
wasnt jpaint
skycrab
boys should we make lockchadfaerlina channel
i think his ban was like lowest tier ban in all of lock disc
but he did literally ask for it
he dm mod
mod says dm me again and you get ban
and he dm again
so got ban
idk
yea
based skarp move
marky dw you can still post guild recruitment
Lock cord like almost never bans ppl so I think its weird too
But he kinda just being man of his word
He said dm me again and ban
He dmes
!relapse
He argued really long time about cqs being not very good. It got annoying so skycrab muted. He dm slycrab and sky says dm again and ban. He dm again and sky banned.
It was all kinda a troll to flex parses really
i liked relapse
phoenix god
he couldnt block on phone or something
ye
hackerman
omg  who cares
hes blessed to be out of class disc land
ill dm him parse strats if we make any
for phoenix god to use
but well probably just make dumb memes
shaggy you raid tn?
streaming?
i wanna hear your silky voice and aggressive button presses
i cant watch that late
have you heard this banger
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XfR9iY5y94s
dive lost ark leveling guide when
also what class
how to green beam in lost ark
lol so your amge
mage*
bro 6 gun classes
1 caster
6 guns?
shadow hunter
looks nice dive
turns demon
has warglaive
does shadow stuffs
shut up hannu
what other games do you play hannu
shadow hunter also drains life...
Wordle 235 6/6

â¬œâ¬œâ¬œâ¬œðŸŸ¨
â¬œðŸŸ¨ðŸŸ¨â¬œâ¬œ
â¬œðŸŸ¨ðŸŸ¨ðŸŸ¨â¬œ
ðŸŸ¨ðŸŸ©â¬œâ¬œâ¬œ
â¬œðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©
ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©ðŸŸ©
sheesh it was hard today
no way
really
blizz dev referencing wowhead fanpage
eh
its morre like theres times you KNOW you wont get a bolt
but you MIGHT get an immo
its not guessing between 1.5 and 2.5
its hoping you get a 1.5
Im not 99.97 for nothing
I think thats details
And quit
You can just close that
As of like a day ago or something
Did he actually tho
Or just rumor on wcl
How you fuck my parse up
What did you change
O well wcl shows best  parse as default
O so you took all channels from all time abd im still 99.89
I can live w that
We dont need animated chart we need command to check parse in real time
Santa hat
who the hell is sukita
why would the sim randomly immo at 1 min 20
seems cooked bros
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
question
lets say you got cucked on loot this phase - only got like skull and Tier 6 4 pce or something
theres a haste cloak in ZA you could use
a haste ring
are there any other good options from badge/za
like a diff boots
diff belt
yea
I saw those
question is is there anything else
which neck is that?
would you actually use wand?
over solarian
which one
the one w a socket?
next phase?
wheres that from again
cool
thats nice since im going TOC
ofc
so no belt or boots options then?
whats the name of badge boots

not badges?
from ZA?
okay those are p good
so a cucked ish setup might run those, waistwrap
youd get your blue gem in vash robes and shoulders
cool those are rseed pieces tho and not really something youd wear full time right
so
sounds to me like
all is fine
if we dont get boots/belt we can live
is there any belt Louki?
For sure just thinkin worst case scenario
Haste gems are za or swp?
Those haste boots are actually good reason to prio slippers to mage
I think
Technically the stat budget is like in line with boots of blasting
You just dont want hit
So they good
You add in your pets pathetic 3k hp ofc
Demon is th glasscannon spec tbh
Your pet gets glassed and you do no dmg
unironically I think you guys both are terrible at using the word "unironically"
someone scammed me once and yoinked a BOE
GMs replaced it and banned the guy
just sayin
lol
i hate to say Itoadaso
but I fucking Itoadaso
what are the best bosses to int wipe on
in P3
we dont wipe
scammed tfuries radio silence tho
never question the oracle
x to doubt
but maybe
what you think the bot is reading in guild chat
the word scam?
"I scammed" =  auto ban?
that wouldnt work
what did you say in gchat
that would actually flag an insta ban
I still really doubt a quote like that would trigger an auto ban
if anything the trade + a report from the player
triggers it
mayb
it is a bit fast
for gm action
ill give you that
vaporneon chamber
you see what i did
this is like when you post "mages out" in lock disc right
My ferals bank guild is called hentai heroes sexy
And has been since week 2
They are p good
Nah
Bael is femboy like a fulltime thing
Or like a kink you do on the side
Like does the general public see you as femboy every day
I dont think its that deep
you gotta pay off a healer for ROS P2
I wore my Sres neck on azgalor and didnt resist any silences
scam
do I double down and try way more SR
or do I just say fuck it
i dont have tidewalker neck
whats bf herroic
link
i know
whats the neck called

sheesh
idk man
I can go farm this
but
I feel like you dont aprse unless you hard resist a silence
shaving 1 s off each is good yes
jesus christ
thats some hefty trying
i respect the effort but I will never do that ever
wtf?
your cringe
I have never resisted a silence
what about
shadow reflector active
yea stupid af
well youd lose your flask
but
does it worrk
idk
yes if its magic
it would work
yes its dispellable
again its just dumb RNG whether you parse on that fight
hyjal bosses are all lame af
do you guys just zug anetheron
or kill first infernal
yea
we almost wiped to the ingernal
first time
so we thought mayb we should kill it
yea yea i think its fine
nah
should he
k
what about
cleaving inferrnal
is that a no go
i know it does immolation
ok ahlaundoh didnt cleave infernal
so neither do we
i was thinking maybe theres a positioning
that lets you cleave onto it
without taking immo
it stacks but the proc rate is dog in classic wow
nah the proc rate is REALLY dog
but on private server it was p commonly used
even ahl said he swapped his glaive off to DW annis
on private
idk enough about it mayb you right
its also less impactful in TBC atm because in classic it took the boss to zero armor
and rn it just shaves a bit off
yea
prot palas should use it
you right
bro
wcl is so cringe
makes all these support classes
care about their personal parse
pserver ppl were happy to play for the squad
TOC prot palas were a meme
still are
but they were then, too
@spoar
stop bullying your guildies you toxic retard
o true
still
bad raccoon
the gem requirement makes it really aids
and IIRC it doesnt sim that well because of it
its probably decent on short fights but gemming is super dumb for it
I think its weird that we never get new metagems
new gems come out
2 waves of new purple gems
still use same blue meta all game
yea
i heard that
imagine if we were locked to MSD
for 3 phases
and had to gem around it
how much weaker warlock would be
o yea
is that true
or just a pserver thing
Hannu whats your based strat for azgalor silence
!zhardoom
@Jujutsu does mage even use skull on ST in end game
does HSH replace it
sliver?
vanilla woyer?
gz twoinch only the best locks on this disc have that role
yea
doesnt sound right for bis gear
but noone knows what you are simming
or yea bug
cause zephan terribad coder
wowhead guides*
yea
its possible if you didnt have many crit buffs turned on
that mayb the potent is simming well
idk
or if you arent turning on meta?
with the red setup
cringe
lost to kentoe tho
a UD warlock
and you have skull
thats pretty wack bro
jpaint lost to this UD warlock


as orc male w skull
skull
bloodfury
ye i mean whos fault is the wrists
and the jc neck
Zeph really needs to put more propaganda on wowhead
anti mage rhetoric
reasons not to loot spriest
etc
no
whats the skull guide
yea whats that for
put that on guide
just rreplace entire guide w that
nice
Zephan skull guide
make it scathing
destroy the mages
make them pay
if you give us ANY soft ass baby shit in skull guide like "remember you play w friends its just a game"
we are kelmaning your ass
NO
PLS NO
holy fuck
the titan of fire
will come down from lockcordympus
larger than any man
:monkaS:
shut up zephan we all know the mages bought you a yacht
for dumb skull prio guide
first goes skull then comes marrriage
zephan isnt even on the radar
!lockcordparse
imagine zephan outparsed
by a reroll
you should have shaggy write the skull guide
I dont think he will fuck it up
on overal
by sheer pve tbc
based takes
he can
he wrote some starboard material
in his hay day

you have skull?
4 pce?
still parsing blue?
i want to too
have you ever seen your parses man
99.76
99.89
at least you beat zeph
jk no you didnt
nice
jforecast
!8ball jpaint T6 before sunwell?
oof
!8ball me ?
fuuuuu
yea you kinda fucked up
making warlock stack comp
I told you
!8ball will isb be more looted than jpaint
ye
jpaint has skull
blue suede boots
elemental dagger
hes actually so looted idk why he complains
jpaint doesnt even wear his blue suedes
yea I mean
the man uses 19 destros in a full run and 4 runes
he shouldnt get loot
he doesnt make bracer
boots
no seed set
he suports cqs but doesnt personally use
i want jpaint to stream so we can see him click
clik his skull
then quickly click his bolt
then oops <summons imp>
another bolt
<summons succ>
skull over
but very fast summons
this is honestly the most delusional thing you have ever said and thats saying alot
big assumption
id raid w you jpaint but I like seeing you around and at the end of our raid together you would 100% quit the game
and leave lockcord
you lost on illidari council to a UD
and you have skull
you lost overall in MC 2 years ago
id be lapping you by about a mill by the time we hit archimonde
youd be pming me after the first boss blaming lag
heezzy
but its my prelim phase
my guild still gotta learn how to do bosses cause dumb
I went afk alot
also doing loot is a grief
we are actually good warlocks
it is
I beat reaver alot
lately its stupid loot talks in officer chat half the raid
also I tank illidan
reaver p good tho
how will progress continue without their Main character
lmao
hes actually p good
but he doesnt have to type in officer during half the trash
also that raid was super cringe they never group mobs for seed
yea my raid does all kinds of cringe things to make easy
loool watching xelrog pop off
i actualyl think they make it harder
loool
once an mgi shill
now he fears it
how the mighty have fallen
actual footage of jpaint thinking about loot prio
https://tenor.com/view/goldie-hawn-hungover-hangover-drunk-girls-bar-gif-14598212
did your guild prio tier to rogues over others?
Feral druids over others?
Mages over others?
Enhance Shamans over others?
This is how you make the argument
ppl have this stigma about prioing tier to a class that is highly represented in raid
because for some reason a priest having to wait for 4 locks is worse than 4 locks having to wait for 1 mage
such bullshit man
well in new parse so im 99.89
but
if you have seen WCL
it shows HIGHEST PARSE
and my highest parse
is 99.97
lame
tbh
it should be phase based
new phase
new parse
i guarantee I have farmed everyone except xelrog all of tbc
in game
and lockcord
wait what
o yea i know
jpaint has deleted alot of my posts
so
its kinda unfair tbh
yea i am 99.97 tbc EASILY
idk why you are counting vanilla
as i have said
if you played vanilla warlock you lacked the vanilla warlock knowledge to not play vanilla warlock
thereforre automatically worse
dont think deleted is ever archived
its like
illegal
3) makes mag x archi fanart
have you noticed how many anime prof pics are among mods
and contributors
nazi got posted
and no immediate ban
had to coax out
over days
xelrog
would have owned him
tbh
so would I ofc
actually nah I got distracted by his thighs
ok
considerr this my application.
idk I just want cooler role
yea I dont want mod
mods are bad
noone likes mods
yea
lol theres no shot they ever would
and yea dont
I used to post in the other warrior discord in vanilla (not fight club) and they offered me mod there tho
I dodged worst discord ever
loool
I want black text
is there black role
cringe im sigma
honestly only thing good about mod is the off purple color
probably best color
of those available
jpaint just blatantly does that
no stealth
so rude ved
delete this wtf
same
he said he birthed it
like it came out of him
you just said avero made some discords
you didnt say who he is
like
whats he like
@Zephan who is avero
so how much do you guys make off this discord
being paid off by mages and such
if you have looked around lately we are clearly underpaid
lmao
poggers
!avero
I did contribute the newbie questions channel suggestion, which has been such a resounding success that we now have #â“tbc-questions and #â“som-questions
basically revolutionized the lockcord format
honestly 90% of ppl have no clue what pins are
or that you can search a discord even
should just invalidate singles
make it more competitive
also should be phase based
also you could make length based
and only unique posts
no pasta
zephans already abusing your meta

length based needs to be implemented
and pasta is unfair padding if length based
therefore must be purged
GCL discord when
ghostcrablogs
suggestions
just trying to help
i dont understand nft at all
but my friend from high school makes dog pictures which ppl buy or someshit?
If doom lands on deaden youd just die right
Shadow ward the doom tick?
Wait isnt deaden doom way more
What
You spell reflect deaden in p2
But I guess not everyone has prot warr
Can zanza reflect too
What debuff
The tank gets it too
And it only happens if he swaps targets
But yea usually you force one swap
So tank gets threat boost
You might have to shatter if you crit a bunch
But it will leade to big threat lead when debuff ends
Allowing you to pump
NICE
mayhem breaking the 11k barrier
4 pce ?
with my very generous sim giving perfect cd timings, mage gets 10 dps from skull when ZA is out
and skull is not useful on aoe except when icy veins on cd
https://wowsims.github.io/tbc/mage/index.html#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
what do they use hannu
its simming better than HSH SCB
they dont use HXH ashtongue
as I literally just wrote hannu
10 dps better
skull is 10 dps better than HSH SCB
k
post your sim config
because I literaly just posted sim that shows it is a 10 dps gain
and I spent a fair bit of time configuring it
so
its kinda on you if your saying its wrong
how is that undercover
10 dps means they shouldnt get it
over us
its just an honest analysis of the viability of skull for mages
and then OFC in SWP they wont even use it
if they have sliver
40 +
yea I got 45 last I simmed skull
I dont hav a saved config for warlock sim
its really annoying
can someone send me one
I dont like setting it up over and overr
like if your arguing w mage in your guild
and you give hannu take "its useless in ZA"
then they sim and show its not
your in a pickle
but if you give my take with sim result
you win the argument
GG
sure
but
it breeds distrust
and makes ppl angry
to be clear
im talking about HSH SCB setup in ZA being 10 dps worse than skull HSH setup
my sims show it as a solid 30-40 upgrade in the right conditions this phase for a mage
single target only ofc
if the mage uses ashtongue instead of SCB skull becomes like 50 dps
in that phase
this is only relevant because we have a new mage that doesnt have SCB
and put skull numberr 1
no I could change to toc chronicle
hannu
I do see HSH as an upgrade over skull w TOC chronicle
howevver
the total dps is about 20 dps lower than ZD setup
https://wowsims.github.io/tbc/mage/index.html#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
heres my toc setup
if you want to make any changes that will raise it above zhardoom, please feel free to share.
yea
hannu
just do the sim

anything you want to change?
I do

well you can click my link hannu
and use mine

i use this view to ensure I dont go oom
or cast frost bolt
in reality blow
the timing isnt that tight
20 sec of variance is p fine
imo the cd timings arent that strict and probably manageable by a good mage
obviously humans wont be perfect
but I think its reasonable to look at these sim values
the thing is though, like some fights mages DO oom
and skull has terrible fucking value
as does like all haste
yes most fights this tier are 3 min or less
but theres still one thats not
if you ever need the formula
you can search gcd_cap
in this disc
because I posted it
thats how I find it again

generalising this formula with 1 s gcd_cap :
(casttime/haste modifier -1) *1577 = rating to cap
so for mage w no cds used
1.5-1 *1577
0.5*1577
788.5
however mages have veins right
20%
so you do
1.5/1.2 -1 *1577
394.255
to cap with just veins
if you add lust in as well -30%
(1.5/(1.3 * 1 2) -1)*1577 = -60
and you see that mage actually overcaps
with 0 rating
just lust and veins
so they space their cds instead
so the question is rating to cap in just lust?
(1.5/1.3-1)*1577 = 242 rating
145 from Ashtongue + 80 from drums alone puts you at 225
basically any haste from gear at that point and your overcapping
but mages will cut ashtongue anyways
seed cap?
(1.5/1.3-1)*1577 = 242 rating
during lust
so if he pops skull and drums and has zhardoom he will cap in lust
sure
outside of lust no shot you ever cap actually
!hastecap
basically you only ever cap your GCDs all game long
and immolate
nice command
but I prefer to credit myself
loool
o yea
shiiit
I forgot
if you stack quags and bowiz
you can cap hella quick
yea I forgot about those items
this actually shows you can go overcap on seed during lust p easily in people's typical seed sets
you will need a lust seed set
and a no lust seed set
but you probably just stop bowizing your seed set
if thats your concern
akama
muru
true
not typically
just something to keep in mind I suppose
???
whats wrong w the command
I think its quite useful and informative
!avatar @Cillo
hmmm
you cant be trusted
that was a p meme convo
but exploring those avenues is worth doing
taking what bait
if this is bait its bottom tier baiting
idk someone just asked about haste cap
we answered them
the command was clearly useful
yea
loool
thats not a bait thats just an attention seeker wanting to get some attention
pvp channel
no one said anything about gearing around it
the main conclusion we drew after posting that was that haste cap is basically irrelevant for warlock
unless your seed setting with high haste and lust
no because thats not an answer the question was what is haste cap for a GCD no lust
we answered the question
go watch anime
what is haste cap for gcd during lust
> wear haste bro
https://tenor.com/view/johnny-english-rowan-atkinson-mr-bean-english-comedians-yawning-gif-17834150
weebs out
@Blow is there loot prio in lost ark
what do you do once your max level
yea remember when I said other games have actually competitive and skill based gameplay
do you have your prebis
lel
ty
shadow weaving exists tho
if you have scorch sure
i can understand bloodboil normalization
but I think its kinda anti fun
just to maintain a semblance of competition

we will fall below rogues without akama
sadge
rogues are underrated ST dmg
rogues arent as bad as ppl think
rogues yes glaives will farm us probs
but rets
I think our gearing in T6 will beat rets
fel rage getting normalizd
and thats not that good
warlocks have 4.3k dps
on bloodboil
well
I do think we should bounce back w 4 pce
theres alot of factors at play though
alot of guilds warlocks arent getting 4 pce fast
like for example alot of rogues have 4 pce already
warlocks its like 1 of the 4 locks at best has it
but it will take quite some time for warlocks to catch up gearwise simply because you run 4 of them or w.e
also this will always hurt warlocks on a big averaged statistic
maybe we should ask for COR normalization
loool
i just told you a few reasons
the nature of being a stacked class means that the average warlock has less gear than the average rogue in a guild
we also get our COR parses avveraged into our doom parses
lowering the average value
max values are pretty close

I think we could feasibly catch up
esp w chicken nerf
but rogues w glaives
will be hard
beating mage should happen
BM hunter/fury/rogue w glaives are hard
thing is
those numbers
are including akama
and we are losing akama

this is akama
its kinda sad we lose akama
but keep council
rogue and furies put up big numbers cleaving council
pads them up nice
but its just dumb statistics page
it does loool
also these averrages count a 1 minute rage winterchill the same as 5 minutes of illidan
k
you know what I meant
you wanna argue semantics thats cool bro
ty
so does akama dmg
thats the diff
warlocks will be top of illidan by end of phase

unless cleaving the elementals is somehow a thing
i didnt say that
hannu will definitely say that tho
for overall yea
idk about for illidan
if you cleave elementals
could be
whats this
bear tank both
?
y
i believe in TV man
he will rank 1 again
!tvman
@Jujutsu how does this pic make you feel
apparently yes
so cleving is a thing
so warlock in shambles maybe
i think BT could definitely be warrior stack meta
but theres merits to locks too
if china ammasses 15 glaive melee
could be bad
dam chanimals owning you
doesnt even have 4 pce yet
Hes like leet pvper
Chanw
Yea i like his stream
He came here in middle of night once asking if dmf good for aff* and i didn't know sadge
I put threat meter in my face dps off to side
I like swapping some consume and macro binds
Like gore macro with slammer macro
For instance
Fair
Just lazy to set that up i guess
!hastecap
answer is no unless you have lust and bowiz quags seeding
dam loukis spell pen post

@Louki "DPS gain over spell resistance sets", you mean spell pen sets

spell pwn set
check out the shit elixir
I dont think there is much else
hes asking about mechanics
and still no theres no pen food is there
haha right
healer task
also healer wears elixir
my priest pmed me offering to use the elixir
and keep it up on boss
and he heals like a madman
just get good
o
then nvm
thats lame
the wording on it

they dont
thats exactly what we are talking about
lol
louki set hits the 162 anyways

without doing super strange shit


162 spell pen realistic bis
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823476479550816266/941343928232341554
for council
boy if your doing that you migght as well use eye of moam

bro what
TOC bis?
noone reads research
and you cant discuss research
in research
so we discuss here
fuck off raccoon
uh huh
this is a valid use of this channel
pls fuck off
idk having a convo and you just come in crrying about stupid shit its annoying man and you do it all the time
it says binary spells only
so that means its just for tongues and shit right
i was going to ask question
cause if its only binary its not really valid
Loukis post makes me think its p good tbh
its a 4% dps loss max if you perfectly swap w no downtime and thats assuming you always swap to a mob w debuffs up
its basically impossible to actually always hit a weaving mob on council
spen seems quite viable
especially if your spriest isa  dog
yea I dont think that post is vvery relevant to us we dont tongues
but it was surprising to me
the pen set tho
sounds much better than ppl give it credit for here
if its a max 4% loss to just smash boss and use pen , assuming perfect weaving and perfect target swaps
its probably dps gain in practice
to go 162 spen
never even crossed my mind to tongues malande
we kick it fine
I think so yes
IF you arent going to swap no matter what
you should wear efficient pen items
even iff you dont hit 162
thats not saying go slam rune of perfection and elixir of empowerment
but hatefury mantle? Bae
ye
if you can get a second T6 legs or something
can do more Spen gems
ye
reckless better
not in the game.
dam veras is 0 armor
did not know that
so I should be smashing veras?
on arms
thats nuts
i have ravager
i know
we do that
but I typically continue cleaving off the boss
because he has debuffs
should swap to veras
if threat allows
eh i would die to threat if I did that
but yea as much as possible
i have badge
but i wont be using on that fight anymore
if hes 0 armor
i have badge tsunami dst
kiss
no
had BRE p1
pvped all of p2 w BRE
the greatest time of my life
just one tapping casters
left and right
BRE in p2 literally warps the caster matchups so much
because you have high chance to just jib in one swing
so fun
like a really really good mage will just never get hit
but most mages let you get 1 hit off
and nova blink
badge overrated a bit honestly
tsunami sim better
in most fight
badge nice for cleave ofc
but yea you can prrob overcap pen now w badge
yea
my arms gets 1400 arpen in bi
bis*
not counting madness
orr badge
chicken parses are p gone
i find lock parsing harder atm
lock parsing alot of these fights
is super RNG
like azgalor is just getting lucky w silence
archimonde is just luck
warlock was already slot machine parse
now its worse w these mechanics
they will be soon
but they are not guaranteed now
theres actually not that many 5 squawk parses
it doesnt really warp the 99 bracket
just the 100s
and partition soon anyway
does the bloodbolt reflect
and own the mob?
1900 no doom BT
yea
thing is if your raid is bad
you will get higher overall
you yoink more of the pie
well its a balance
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/94PBzYHgGZnMtWbV#type=damage-done&boss=-3&difficulty=0
o huh
we used to split them
now its together
monka
glaives super bis for orc
yea my b
do you guys have some strat for the stupid ice wyrms
my raid asked me to seearing pain them out of the sky
and its lame af

who needs immolate
when your gas gas
you did
you got some 99s
just failed to get others
yea we had splits too
parsing easy
@Mayhem
bitch please
you cared
ðŸ™‚
lol I can just smell copium
its like a sixth sense

really easy tbh
mayhem is predictable
also its literally a command
so how can I forget
ppl conspire to not star me ever
i was so close once
DM it?
Tag @Shaggydaggy if you need a ban
selling anything else
i dont really want bans
ha
i found it tho
what even is starboard
im quitting
whats the best starboard post of all time
my personal favorite is shaggy suiciding over mages
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/551423372534349833/924422324055339138
this one
yea mage video is great too
ill trade a video for a video
https://www.twitch.tv/videos/1284603243?t=03h02m39s
it has a timestamp
it just doesnt work on embed
have to click the link
why do you want to do that jpaint
it buffs warrior parse
therefre not good
@jpaint
loukis video
btw
you can dm him about specifics
i
am
to
only
type
like
this
need
to beat
xelrog
owned
man you all typing owned stole my thunder
was gonna type
resisted
i just want to parse
xelrogs not around
good time to pad
hes greifing atm bro
where is he
i think he mentiond it was p sensitive on threat
and perhpas a better strat to do w a bit more gear than now
apparently in SWP you just run avoid cap gear
and stand in blue fire ffor rage
warrior raiding
so expensive
yea
it kinda owns actually
but too expensive to restock
ðŸ˜¦
no
im arms tho
thank god
dont use sharp stones
good idea but nah fuck em
im alrdy in hyjal
if your arms doesnt have this chest hes cringe

ye but if your tank moves well your not really losing uptime
strat might still be good tho
i did some 99s on arms last night poggers
couple top 25s
if it does then thats hella worth
louki spell pen set
+ triple stack
yeee
do you have any spen recommendations for us non arena plebs
haha
I thought the "bis pen sets are left for the reader"
meant you had them but werent giving
to get both?
OH and wand
link
kinda true  yea
esp if you get heart of the pit
unlikely the 1hs go to ZD users
atm im after 2 resto shamans for shroud
thats it
we have priest healer that thinks pve gear is a meme
and just wants some stuff for pvp

@Blow blow
your new staff
for council
gz
thats probably only what a 10 dps loss or so
we 5 healed it week 1
blow: hey mom I really want zhardoom
"we have zhardoom at home"
at home:
should be 1
yea its 1
just give me the dam star
you missed?
lol

7 post
xelrog
omega
padding
o sure
bro
me too
same dude
xelrog actually insane
i ahve the slightest come up
and then crushed by xelrog
fucking silence is so dumb
but I dont think theres any known tricks like this so far
o yea?
link your log man
been thinkinig about doing that
I wore just the neck
and it did nothing for me
which should mean resistance gear is p effective in mitigating it right louki
but the thing is its not the biggest uptime silence
i had literally 4.6k dps on details at end of akama
on arms warrior
and WCL only counted 1500 dps
fucking trolled bro
apparently
sorcerers count too?
but none of the other mobs
so scammed
yea yea they removing akama meme fight w.e
biggest pop off of my life
and trolled by WCL
had 8k dps at one point
yea they removing akama because warriors dont top dps on that fight
i dont get why the sorcerers count but the other mobs that come in the waves dont

same with every boss in molten core
every boss in karazhan
HKM
first 4 hyjals
im just memeing
hyjal could be a sick raid concept
if actually har
hard*
like imagine you had to split your group to hold 2 sides of waves
and go in the towers to melee dragons and shit
haste ring drop rate is so low
really should never go to spriests
like as caster the waves are at least a nice masturbatory session
but the bosses themselves
are also aids
every boss is just dumb CC mechanics
2 weeks in a row triple burst for me
Dr scholls
Youll go further
Not anymore i thought
Nice trolling gremmer
I admire the format
You can
It works I tried it guys
Im gremmering
Ban
He misinformed
You banned someone for no rule break this week
Wordle kinda tricky today
But I crushed it
Ban gremmer for int misinform
Only 99.48 parse where the jannies at
Skyjannie
Shagjannie
Jjannie
Lol
Lajannie
Wow is p2w
Swipe for gear swipe for parses swipe for arena rank
Delusional hannu
Maybe can sell parse piloting
Like you pay me to play your warlock and get 99s for you
10$
Lool
Wtf
19$
Nah you get 99 without raid simping just lust and seed
Still a free 99
@Void113 did you get your ban overturned
or am I prophet again
you forget yourr flask?
I did that last raid

@jpaint
we need to make more noise
we arent playing on patch 4.1.0
xelrogs asleep mods arent looking
pad
the posts
watch them fix in sunwell and take all loot
and all mages go fire
and force us to dragonling
dragonlings arent really RNG they are reliable
no ban
its like drums
idk what logical leaps ppl made to remove akama
I think your fat
where it counts
!tag + jpromises 
Selfie before he quits wow
Fire good in sunwell
Jpaint Name backstory reveal
guys xelrog is asleep can we say half his posts got deleted and pretend his parse was wiped out
when he wakes up
I dont want to actually do it
just pretend we did it
just pretend
say some dumb discord server archive cut off and you cant access them via your API anymore
and hes now losing to stabile or something
ok ill @ you tomorrow and you will confirm the new numbers show him below stabile
posts in lock disc
whats command for the graph
its just a meme bro
dont think too hard about it
raw posts
number
of
posts
so you can pad
like
this
xelrog will literally still beat your scripting somehow
alright well tell him we decided hes a robot and we no longer count poststhat are 3 words or less
This would effectively filter out half his posts
and we can then say that he is losing to stabile/bwps
and watch the show
see you tmrw
2nd fixate just suicides
can you bop fixate
and send it back to the bear
and he pumps
and overtakes
its only 10k threat
we had
bear first fixate
prot pala second fixate
we were dad moding and still half the raid got 99
honestly tho hunter MD on tank + bop on fixate
should be consistent enough to keep on tank
162
163 is just the amount the set has
162 + 88  = 250
which is the aura
88 is elements
stabile louki did
see #tbc-research
he basically compared perfect swapping to pen set
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/5bD4ZyazoVKX3hWi1M8ibC
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/2ibASKftiUUXMFicmSWExS
horde, then ally set
162 is cap
and ok yea sure
I see what you are saying
you COULD possibly do better
running a bbit under pen
and like there is NEVER a time where you are going to not lose half a bolt cast to the bubble
nah
the spriest needs to swap early for you, putting up weaving beforre the aura goes up
and making sure to put it back up after bubbles fall off
it takes a special kind of attention to perfectly implement swap strat
and even if you do, you will lose half a cast every time that bop goes on mage
no matter what
in theory yes, in practice sometimes you swap mage, hit it w no debuffs for 2 bolts, weaving finally goes up, bop lands, you lose almost a full bolt cast, swap back to 250 res target
like that is worse
than just hitting the aura target
yea and thats decent but your still having to reup weaving only for it to get knocked off by the bop
and wasting gcds over and over on elements
in my mind pen strat has to be bis its just a PITA getting that much pen
the boss knocks off all debufs
when he gets the shield
yea but it may still be better at say 100 pen
ppl havent done that nuanced work
as to whats optimal
i like sump
call him a cunt
wowww sump makes good shot and shaggy just gives the low blow
is this what he always does
haha
https://tenor.com/view/meryl-streep-yes-yeah-cheer-cheering-gif-5163144
yea dude
like loukis assumptions are near 100% vuln uptime and pen is only a 4% loss
its very very easy to see that pen strat is just gonna win
outside of some god RNG situation where the mage nevr gets bubbled
for sure
you feeling like doing math stabile?
stabiles point is that its like a 35% uptime aura so there is some benefit to not going full blown on pen cap perhaps
right, or maybe it is
just that answer isnt clear at this point
@Kristofer add partial pen uptime to sim pls
this is 162 pen with just gemming mantle and T6 chest
realistic set you could have
its less than 50% isnt it
theres like 10 s of no aura each time

43% each
sounds like you got this stabile

my paladin is bis
in game femboy
so thats double as effective as spell power?
o fuck
yea
and its linear gains all the way up
so basically full  163 in gems is worth
mayb still not really questionable other pieces

spriest
bis
stabile 50 raid wide pen is worth 150 sp per raider
this makes it a no brainer for a spriest to use
like 5x better than atiesh
and raid wide
Because ppl do it in retail because of pandemic
no food I dont think
no
yea
elixir of empowerment

it does yea
well
ok
hold on
you get 30 pen to lose 25 sp
yea so thats worth
well the posted set shows how you can hit 162 with just normal gear (with normal gems) + spell pen gems in hatefury and t6 chest and 2 arena pieces
is it time to break out the spen vvestments boys

i can move on frrom SR now
yea seed set is a much better use lol
i have hatefury tho
eye of the night is pen too
think I can slap together a set w like 100 pen or so no arena
and tryr it next week
yea
thats ok
how exactly are you simming that tho
just simming 250 res swappin neck on and off?
yea
thats how we got this far
seems that spen sims as 3x the value of spellpower
in terms of runes at least
and thats accounting for uptime of the debuff
on gathios
ya
2.8x
and the rune is 13 vs 12 sp
and basically any gem slot
what about foretelling + pen gems with neck swap to maintain hit
the hit lost from dropping blasting
yea in za we get haste boots tho pog
S3 ring


15 pen = 42 SP
thats an easy W
I have that ofc
but wait
its literally only for council
can someone go to spriest discord and start shilling skeram staff

well I want a 99 in dad guild w spriest that doesnt swap targets
:p
yea for sure
and S3 OH
can pen gem belt of blasting if your running anetherons currently possible
im retiring SR one to seed set
so just need one more vestment
but really you wanna use hatefury mantle + t6 chest anyways
who cares we are sweating over 1 boss not pvp shit



naxx gear
I put weight for spen into 70 upg
yea
not great
but just throwing items out there now
yea dece
neck/cloak are dece chest is rough


have to compare this to haste bracers in the slot tho
I think bracers mayb sus slot
guess its worth
in terms of stat weights
but you really want GAINS not tiny 2 sp bonuses
cause you COULD just swap targets right

i dont think that avenue has been explored fully
LOSing the BOP etc
can it be LOS tho
hes talking about instead of worrying about penning gathios aura
smash a mage
that isnt getting blessing of spell ward
you mean
you swapped backa nd forth
what so he just smashed it while its bopped?
its RNG
mayb you had good RNG
he does get bopped a good amount of time
that knocks off all debuffs
have to put back up
its like 1 in 3 chance he gets it every 30 seconds
yea that is super good luck
yes
that is more typical
and in that case your looking at ~2 lost bolts on average with perfect reaction time to cancel cast and swap
AND putting back weaving 4 times
I LIKE HOW YOU THINK
black bow of the betrayer every hunter
stings
all rerds
reds*
in bis
but you may still be bis using blue to turn on meta in a mid-bis set
eg you have waistwrap of infinity and boots of blasting so no good blue gem slot to turn on meta w
i have 2 vestments
fucking
noob
its moving on
nah crit probs
for seed
I got cowl and hatefury for seed/spen set
noone else linked
pog
yea
43% uptime of aura*
it actually takes more skill to fail this spectacularly
change my mind
does chocolate factory still work
do they last only 14 days now
but its a chocolate in a box in a box
so does the choco in the box tick down
yea
i got some chocolates
fuck that rng is brutal man
ty dive
peek
like you can only get 1 an hour per toon right
but theres a way to spam it out
you make new lv 1 toon, get a friend mage to trade you 1s5c and port you org
you get a gift you check
you hearth back
trade to mage
repeat
but fuck I just did for an hour and got 2 boxes
of choco
i got a lovely black dress actually
for my warlock
matches the red one I wore for Jpaint date
new dress for next datre
@Dive I want to read you a bedtime story
tthats ok
carry on
i have sennheiser momentum 2 and they are great and lasted like 6 years
i dont know anything about headphones
but I like them
I work on smartwatches
you can put music on and stream to bluetooth headset
dont need to have phone in gym
I inject my smart into them
so mayb they are dumwatches
but they are good for listen music in the gym
!robot
Haste shoulders for seed set this phase
Chest in Sunwell
the pattern you can buy right
yea I mean the bis play is make the shoulders reroll engi ench
then do tailoring in sunwell for a chest lmao
and back to engi or w.e
mayb you dont bother w engi bombs are small
https://gradolabs.com/headphones

I had these once
They broke tho
well for gaming headphones do surround
yea I could have speakers in my apt but then id hear cop cars and vaxx protesters all the time
it begins
staff good this expac
doesnt every good warlock in wow use staff
guldan
medivh staff too
doesnt he become warlock
i knew he was blue to start

source

im always right
he was
i think
tfw your grinding BGs for a ring for one boss
just ban mage
why
yea they do
skycrab got emotionally challenged by a weak troll and banned insta
relapse
he avoiids the finger up his butt himself
does blood test instead
so I guess no ZD for him
mage take tbh
why
am I really doing this enchant for seed set

like
this seems so troll bros
not bis no
p good tho
and if its active yea
im not surer what the absolute best set is
but you can get to 162 without using the neck and I think thats better
im not sure I follow the question tho
louki posted spen sets
in #tbc-research
o you mean these?
the absolute best set is probably like having a full second set of gear gemmed spell pen lol
hatefury + 4 pce all slotted w 13 pen
probably still using the PvP Arena pieces tho
lol season 4 OH
for one boss
for a questionable dps increase
is there actually anything more chad
i think mayhem is actually right and shadow res cloak is bis for most of the content
but yes pen for council ofc
shadow priests get some small amount of dps linearly from haste its just weaker than other classes. 

They gain dps in the following ways:
-Mind Blast has a fixed CD, but since you cast it faster, it is effectively a slight CD reduction on the spell. So you know you might get out one more mindblast.
-Mind Flay ticks faster, so they can potentially get more ticks. They have their theoretical "breakpoint" where they will always get one, but in reality due to latency and reaction speeds to cancel mind flay accurately you tend to need more haste to hit the actual "breakpoint".
-They spew out their Dots a bit faster allowing them to get back to mindblast/mindflay faster sometimes. 

You can see small effects of hitting the "mindflay" breakpoint on the sim, but its actually a mostly linear thing. 

They just don't scale that well with haste, but they do scale with it.

At least thats what I think and if Im wrong @Bael will tell me right.
hahaha
look
if I say something wrong
someone will appear
to tell me im retarded
so either way
its a win win
its strong rule
do I do int?
really
is it a 0.1% on sims where all mobs die at the same time tho
seed is a low coeff but once your off cap it scales still when its hitting 5 targets
throw a shadow burn at the end or something too
thats like how I feel about bowiz int ench too
like what If its a mostly seed and then bolt 2 mobs deal
i guess bowiz you swap
do you get infernals all grouped up somehow
gargoyles
we need to learn how to do that
yea yea
thats why  I dont think int ench is the play on helm
like idk shit happens you cast a burn you cast a bolt
i think the sim is just smashing 12 mobs for the fight duration, its not having them die at difff times at all
so
like even one half seed scaling off SP
on 3 -6 mobs
could tip the scales if its a 0.1% increase in ideal conditions
on 12?
i see
yea thats pretty convincing I guess
Then its gonna be more like a 0.5% gain on aoe cap right
you said 0.1 so
i was sus
I do p well on mana in hyjal
dark rune mana pot
felhunter sac
goes a long way
lol
15 min thats nutty
yea I think int ench is probably okay
wait fon
so if you sim really short
like 10 s
is the int still 0,4% betterr
under cap
o
I misunderstood you
you are saying int is 0.4% loss under cap
o i see
but thats on a sim where the int mana was relevant?
or no
say I mana pot and dont get value from the mana portion of int and just the crit
i see
shouldnt there be a middle where the mana is relevant enough that you get 1 more seed
i guess thats only if you have a certain breakpoint of mana
yea its just gonna be some chance based on fight duration tho
so you can sim like 1 minute to 2 minute to average that out
or some thing
bleh
if SP wins w life tap
its a very small window for int to get you more seeds than SP anyway
haha
like its only really if you have the exact amount of mana that nets you one more seed before you tap or something
yea
but the problem is fight durations are random
they are random enough that you cant predict exactly 1 second
like there is enough error
that I call it random
for this
so even if this 14 int put you over a threshold to get one more seed off, isnt that going to only happen on rare fight lens
I just think there is still not enough predictability in any encounter length to rely on that for such a fine gearing decision
that doesnt mean int is not the play
im just not convinced
i see
so int becomes weaker
?
yea I can do that not at 3 am
yea but are you saying that you decided that on most fights your mana lead you to take an int enchant over an SP enchant?
Can you give an example of one of these fights
well Im not sure what you were talking about specifically but yea I was mainly talking about hyjal
yea
yea
yea and when I do those fights with my guild I dont usually tap I think
so I dont think int is that good
but I guess
I have been mana potting
I can try destro potting
yea I dont tap for shit
ok actually
1 tap
on alot of these
yea but theres no guarantee that 14 int stops that
yea
Actual bis: https://seventyupgrades.com/set/d9A3vFVoZwgqep9ewbTYhb
are you guys gonna make the swiftheal wraps
nerds
for sure
the thing im wondering about is int to helm enchant lol
yea....
like I get theres a chance you get one more out
im just struggling to actually visualize that value
I can take a closer look at logs later
and I gotta pay more attn in my raids to when I tap and how much more mana I actually use
what about if that pack becomes a 6 target pack with 20% left in the encounter
mm sorry
I meant to ask about the value of spell power in that case
is it just not worth thinking about levels of low
I feel like sp on 6 targets is still relevant and not just dwarfed by int
im still just tihnking about int enchant vs sp enchant to helm
I agree
I get chu I will pay atttn a bit more whether when I tap, I would have gotten one more seed w some int instead
and I can look at some logs  when im not about to sleep
but I still think its pretty rare scenario
tho hyjal waves hover on that 1 tap so its worth thinking about for sure
like having 22 SP with life tap could also lead to you getting one more seed too right
if you have to tap either way
its really if that int saves you that tap
tryna beat mages bro
Im going to bed but its very interesting
Well if it saves you that 1 tap, and gets you 1 more seed int probably still wins over SP
But yea undercapped value of SP is what Im worried about
I think ppl forgot SP actually does something
But yea mayb its value is just too low
good night
you're not simming the exact breakpoint being suggested by bobo tho that it gets him one more seed off on alot of packs
Ok then alpha is right. Need to get an estimate of % time aoe capped when using this set.
Ppl gain gear too
Yes this is what I was thinking earlier

yay
wait
how does hannu know
didnt he say game is shit
@Hannu you said shit game
and only retards play it
your waking up early
to get through queue now
?
casuals playing other games
im farmring honor for spell pen ring for one boss
tbh
do you guys try at all


imagine thinking you deserve any loot
and no spen set
no aoe cap set
shadow priests arent very good at game
so weaving never up
also spen is legit better than straight swapping targets
dont clown me bitch
bis pen gear is 4% loss compared to perfect swaps where you never lose any cast time because of a bop and have 100% perfect debuff uptime
in reality, pen gear is legit just better
get on my level
i dont care about your cringe rank
math says you are wrong
keep your clowns to yourself loser
evven the best preist wont have 100% debuff uptime
and even the best warlock will lose ~1/2 a cast on average every time the BOP goes up on mage
HERE IS THE RANK 1 ON COUNCIL

GET FUCKING REKT
SPEN GEMS
eat my asshole maybitch
same bro
literally mayhem has 4 pce
and spen with no 4 pce
farmed him
what more proof do you need
for spriest thats true
you got farmed by someone w no 4 pce and spen
like you got 4 pce funnel and get some good parses early in phase and think your gods gift to warlocks lmao
reality check
yea nice rng bro
you wrong about spen tho
wait you think you pressing shadow bolt on the first boss in easiest raid in a video game is a "remarkable thing you did "
LOL
delusional
literally psycho
nah bro
your delusional
and wrong about spen
unfortunate mayhem
lol you are seething
yep
free for me
how is this a made up argument
thats literally what they do
no im not
im saying that you WILL lose some uptime of weaving, this combines with you having to cancel a cast if the BOP ever goes on mage while your casting on him
on your council
you tried to flex
nno.
I never said that
maybe you misinterpreted me
yea yea
i just call it BOP cause i cba to type blessing of spell warding or w.e
I didnt say anything like that
wtf our tanks put blues in their old gear and we still had 17  in gbank when I looked
lol yep bael
no no mayhem says its circus director because he got a half decent parse with 4 pce funnel
thank you sir I need 1k more honor
for ring
@Mayhem this is where you leave disc for another 2 months
see you in sunwell
its alot of autism for one fight
or mayb I want to beat the ppl in my raid and my spriest is dog at swapping
its not about chasing lumberjack
more like tried to step on an ant but then the ant bites you back and you lose your mind spamming emotes on every one of the ant's post.

Then a bunch of hyenas come in and pick you apart because your take is delusional af
gg
this is top parse on council
very normal crit RNG

34%
mayhem you are so funneled bro
how do you have 4 pce ring cloak
other lock in raid


these are the other locks
literally 0 loot
loool
anyone who gets 4 pce gets the freeest parrses
o dam vestments and najentus daggerr
its a bug
on WCL
they just look blue
just shows wrong gems
if you hover those gems
they are normal
orange gems or w.e
nah bro the only thing cringe is you flexing your rank 13 on council as an argument against spellpen
when you got 4 pce funnel
and calling your own guildies slugs
o yea and the emote spam
defs not cringe
looool
tempting just because it would make him mad
but I dont want him banned
bro idc about your pathetic guild you swapped to because your one on lucifron didnt pan out
I just wouldnt play this game if I had such disrespect for the ppl I play with
shadow bolt simulator bot
loool
its just funny i say im farming my spen set I dont say its gonna be omega good or anything but I think its better for me.

You cringers all lay into me, because you want something to pick on.

Jpaint, Stabile, Louki all come and say pen good and you flip on a dime
spamming emotes and shit
loool
loool
also I think if you bring people to raid, you give them loot. Unless your guild is insane try hard pushing for the top.

Like if you want to fuck some dude on loot because hes slacker, you would just kick him and get a better player. If you can't do that, then the reality is this is the best you got to play with and you give loot to them like anyone else
You dont drag a buncha ppl along every week
fucking them over
silently
scumbag move
the healspls loot system was a lie
its my dream loot system
not a reality
you right
just you know when ppl think they are king dick when they got funneled 4 pce week 2
you gotta put em in their place
i saw mayhems cock and its very skinny
not fat like jpaint
i pass loot alot actually
but I dont feel the need to virtue signal to you anymore
do chocolates INSIDE the box
tick down
or can you extend their life
by opening one box at a time
i can check my chocolates after this BG
see if they ticked down inside box
ah is that the intended use of wrapper
k so just for giving gifts then?
not functional?
lmao
lmao
what the hell is going on in here
okay
we actually talk interesting things at 3 AM it turns out
just in the day lockcord is shitposting
the intellect for hyjal discussion
was super pog last night
@Louki how did that pan out
yea
i pondered it for a long time
imma try it out

there was super interesting discussion last night about value of int to not tap in  hyjal trrash
I know you will all tell me im dumb because its me
but yea im not sure
imma try it
i do on average 1 tap per hyjal pack in my raid
with enough int
that could be 0
basically
it depends on your own raid
seems im still tapping
1ce
its just fun to beat the mages
its just me playing the game
you dont have to be autist hyjal set
noones forcing you
im defs not sold on int enchant
but ill try it
pay attn to my mana on the pulls
see what I think
for my raid

i ahve t6 you donkey
its for hyjal set
Hi
the mod orange kinda reminds me of poop
like your poop color when your sick
just not paying attn then
just depends what you eat really
i had popsicles that made me poop blue once
its not that bright irl
yea
i heard germans have special toilet with poop shelf for inspecting the poop
@Mayhem
true?
have you ever made an interesting discovery
!robot
did xelrog see new command
we found out he is botting
the parses
getting there
i need 3rd vestment for pen so bad
fuck
feeling like absolute shit
btw 5 of the top 6 parses on council all use penetration gems
all chinese logs
seems they caught on
but mayhem is 13th on council and didnt use so
nah most have used old gear. Boots of Foretelling Spellstrike etc
to accomplish it
but its vvery dominant in the top council parses
the one guy in top 5 that didnt use it is geared af

but the other 5 ppl top 6 using it have much less gear
imagine being tht looted alrdy omg
yes and fire lock seems to be alive and well in china
im making a second pair of spellstrike pants
and BoB
call me TV Man
sheesh bro your looted aff too
how the hell
@bbq / tl419
4 pce skull ring slippers
anti spell pen will live to be one of mayhem and hannu's dumbest takes
which is saying alot
me too
but since its me
i was shit on
however I didnt do math like Louki
so fair
on a boss with 43% uptime of 250 res, 1 spell pen is worth ~2.8 SP
video of that?
Lmao your salt is my water
Delicious
Good take
Spen doesnt gimp output
Youre just wrong mayhen
Unlucky
Please stop spreading misinformation.
Anyone whos done the fight knows your gonna lose at least 1 bolt cast to the magic bop too
Even w perfect cancel cast
There may be rare high rolls on the mage where it only got 0/1 bop or something
its literally impossible
the  magic bop will sometimes come up while the Magic aura is up
what then?
you hit a mob with no debuffs or magic aura
you can get lucky sure
the top 5 parses bro
are all avg crit rolls
with pen
one is a fucking 5:30 kill
ad hominem cringe again
your so mad bro
its ok
the irony is you are the one who brought parses into it claiming authority on the matter because you got a rank 13 high roll crit with funneled 4 pce
and now when I talk about the actual top parses
you talk shit
it was your own fucking argument
turned on its head
get dunked
ðŸ™‚
i actually dont know if you did lmao I just wantted to see you seethe some more
defs high roll loot RNG tho
btw mayhem, heres your spriests pathetic uptime of sweaving on the mage you were hitting

im entertained
ðŸ™‚
yea his crit rng was fine lmao
I just wanted to be spicy
Personally I dont want to be by the balls off my spriest each week hoping he somehow perfectly autists the weaving one day
Ill go w the better on average play
you can do whatever you want I dont care
well clearly there is other ways to play the boss
ways that outperform the great mayhem
lmao
and mayhem if that was even true, you would have weaving uptime
the mage in your kill literally NEVER got 5 weaving stacks
the whole fight
I have rank 13 world log on council so shut the fuck up, tell your priest to get his shit together and swap to the mage
Im one of the few warlocks with 4 pce T6 so shut the fuck up
Im one of the few warlocks with 4 pce T6 so shut the fuck up - tell your raid to give you more loot and you will get rank 13 like me
i wonder how many warlocks ahve 4 pce t6 and < 5 min kill time on council
Mayhem clc or not you know your looted more than the avg lock man
4 pce this early is free parses
Not " remarkable accomplishments"
As you claim
Lol
I mean the reason its my name is because i was sick of not getting heals in pserver bgs
Kinda
Not really
The raid leader would call me heals and then the healers would get confused tho
So i dropped the name for  classic
and yea mayhem 54% crit on a 1:40 kill with doom is defs because he followed in your footsteps

also has boomy and aff simping and double lust
but yea its mayhems footsteps boys
you ate a full sleep and didnt use a slammer or anything to break
nice footsteps bro
mayb it woulda been your 100
if you played well
unlucky
yea its just rng mate
lobster
king crab
and steak
just follow mayhems footsteps actually
also get 54% crit
get 4 pce t6 and do remarkable things
is dominos stuffed crust good
I only tried pizza hut and papa johns
i just got very sick of dominos
so im hesitant to try it
nice effort at least
and then you get slept on anetheron because you too small brain to use a slammer while you smash 1 button
and you lose to someone you called a slug
and said deserved no loot
RIP
next
its a high roll while he also high rolls 0 sleep and gets double lust
and has doom assign
and affli + boomy
bruh what are you even arguing
that he got that parse with skill?
skill doing what
pressing 1 button?
fuck warlocks are cooked man lol
yea but non ðŸ¤¡  comps dont have boomy and affli simps
Right that pasta
Im p bad at pvp esp lock v lock
Havent done a duel since vanilla
I dun have crack book
If you play with a warlock that accepts being cucked on cor for you every raid you just play w cucks and your therefore just a slut
Every lock in my raid is a gigachad
No cucks here
ever since I called Mayhem CLC he has gone through the stages of grief:
Denial : "I am not funneled its just good loot distribution"
Bargaining: "uh well this guy got banned and couldnt make a prog raid so hes a slug and deserves nothing"
Anger:  Personal insults sent my way
Depression: Silence while he gets owned about spell pen
He is now in the acceptance phase.
Why?
You mean so it defaults to the real biis
?
tbc I think @Zephan is soft with the alternative example shit.

You dont see mages or fury warriors giving "alternatives" and admitting that they shouldnt just get every piece  of loot
It just gives othrs an opportunity to shit on us in LCs
Dont get me wrong tho zeph your guide is just better than others but it could lead to unfortunate circumstances for the average warlock
Like mage discord
wowhead*

he doesnt say anything about how tiny skull is for them
he just pretends its a slam dunk  great item
its a 10 dps upgrade next phase thats it
its dogwater
Meanwhile
Zephan literally leads with alternative example
that is 1.1% off bis
and says as much
Mages
Warlocks
Shadow priest clown guide

Haste ring is "absurdly good"
rofl
> Other classes want this, but none gain as much from it as Shadow Priests
like bruh
@Bael
the fuck is this
fucking shameless
passion is a clown man
like warlock guide is on a complete other level
the other caster guides are just shilling
warlock guide is going through the options, explaining the tradeofffs
and it never once even says "these items are just better for warlocks than others"
When they ACTUALLY are
meanwhile spriests coping that a ring that adds 8 fucking dps is better for them than others
fucking clown shit man
and us NA retards eat it up 
while china fire locks get full bis and farm us all
o god dont bait the clown
you know what
>Other classes want this, but none gain as much from it as Shadow Priest
@Passion
the fuck is this mate
still lying to the masses?
he was probably giggling while he cashed his paycheck
from wowhead
meanwhile zeph guide is god tier
it wont bro
theyll still piss and moan about tier prio
spriests should make a guide for getting chocolate boxes because literally one valentines chocolate is a bigger upgrade than any item in T6 for them
haha
bael doesnt play shadow tho right
hes a cool priest
warlock is more like 20
and much more on aoe
mayhem a good meme would be just you replying to yourself over and over
Id star that
just saying
yea
lol
instead of writing a paragraph every 10 minutes
just talk to yourself in lock disc
or like replying to your old takes
with your new takes
contradicting each other
they are
it would just be funny
should I swap to int enchant on bowiz
now you just play lost ark
:peepohigh:
well you see priests at one point thought they had a breakpoint that was worth more than 3 dps
and so they thought they had a class prio argument
then they finally made a sim in P2.5
and realised they were cooked
and switched to the player prio fall back plan
BUT Passion literally still alludes to breakpoint in his guide
because it serves the loot prio agenda
even tho its a meme on spriest disc
continuing to feed misinfo to the masses for selfish reasons
and getting paid
shameless

without it you may neeed to compensate in other slots for spell haste

Other classes want this, but none gain as much from it as Shadow Priests
hahaa
hahaha
what does he believe tho
theres a sim
sheeeesh
that wasnt a very good dunk tbh
it was like a 4/10
sounds right
arent you guys in like progress or some shit
Benlock?
Isnt Ben?
rip
some of our casual guild were on rise/fusion in the pserver times
but man those guilds were diff then
still really organized
just the effort and autism esp w comps
dialed to 11
in classic
fusion is now like a 12 split corporation
dam bro
gz
i thought you were in a guild tho
o i c
yes bro
what server you on
lmao mayhem
woah no shots at crix allowed
lmfao
i feel like ppl are all asleep/playing lost ark and missing this contenty
mayhem if you want the inculove or succulove rank all you have to do is find a date
https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/498623309290799134/938146652202606632
like me and jpaint went to felwood



he brought his brewfest kodo, but he gave me the ram as well
mayhem do I int enchant my bowiz
i cba to weave it
hmm I didnt see any bowiz procs in mayhems logs earlier
do you not boweave?
yea no procs
is it all a lie
mayhem uses jc necks too
i thought that  would be beneath him
tbh Im sad mayhem doesnt bowweave
is that actually good
better than aba?
why not just get aba then
or  both alternting?
basically pummelerr 2.0
okay
so skull in ideal conditions sims as like a solid 30-40 for  a mage single target this phase
However when HSH comes out in ZA its a mere 10 dps upgrade
and is no longer used in end game bis in SWP
On AOE, its not very good because you will have ashtongue + IV and overcap with skull
so youd use it when IV is on CD
which is not very much
Ashtongue is ... not that great for single target
but mages shouldnt get skull
i havent simmed ashtongue but I havent heard of affli using it
yer
we have a mage tho that never got a SCB
which is rough
because skull is quite good for him then actually
HI
does anyone have a default sim config
my sim is messed up
If you want to find purple these days youll have to go back to the beginning of tbc and carefully look at the commands ppl used around that time
And even then its pretty hard
just seed retards
what will make a diff is managing your gear and your mana
not tabbing/not tabbing
fel dog sac
infernal
Proper use of sapper
Having enough mana to destro pot
dark runes
these are real gains
COE/Tabbing/not tabbbing
doesnt matter
infernal is p small
but a free gain so
just dont clip seeds
thats all
why do you care about the stun bros
use it outside of the fight
and get some immo dmg
or dont use it at all
just
seed
and try to have enough mana not to tap
what else is there to say
its luck
its RNG who the bop target is
one of the three non paladins
sometimes you might only get 1 bop on mage
sometimes mayb 6
no
theres not
no it has unlimited rrange
whether it can be LOSed is unclear
but most logs I see are just luck
just doom the paladin
thats what most ppl do
i dont know affli well but I imagine just pen and smashing pala is gona give good results
number 2 log
for affli
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/yXfMV8aKcYPG7LCx#fight=72&type=summary&source=17
spen
same for number 3 log
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/XhPjLgv7QDZ9tNVW#fight=71&type=summary&source=35
number 2 only multi corruption
and smashed gathios with pen
I dont have any good pieces to spen gem
all my crit gems are in foretelling spellstrike
blasting
its pissing me off
crit for seed if you want overall dps
im not gonna pen gem my SS Pants or Foretelling till I have better stuff for seed.

Ill just do my 10 games this week in arena
and collect points
its super cheap to get OH
and wand
1100 points for both
1k gold for another SS pants
fuuuu

1k
ill just hope to get some good pieces this week




all I got so far
oblivion you mean?
Yea oblvion is not very good for hyjal

cavern of time quest
you probably vendored already
buying a second spellstrike is tempting
but im low on gold
or just saying fuck my aoe cap set
fire aint dead as long as china is farming us all with fire locks
fire lives on in china
hating fire is copium
that you arent fire
i hate fire too guys
so bad
lul
10 k club was literally start of last phase
ally must be cuckeeddd
Yea its age of the 12k soon
Lul hell no brother
You are ally becayse you played vanilla on easy mode
Only reason anyone playing ally atm
Is because they played vanilla easy mode and cucked themselves for rest of classic
omega cope orc bis always has been always will be
mayhem doesnt actually bowweave spoiler
biggest liar


its my second one
im cheating a bit
belt of seeding will wait
til I get a belt from raid
didnt wanna do 900 g on SS pants
and gems and netercobra on top
for temporary piece
but this can last a bit
and alot cheaper
yea
belt of seeding can get replaced hella quick so
not down
but yea ive secured my blue gems now
before my guildie warlocks jump on board
XD
honestly if mayhem had rank 13 parse and bowweaved
id have to respect it
but he doesnt even bowweave
so lame man
im about to do 10 arenas
should have 162 by tuesday
no
not at all
they are completely different
i would never cheat on jpaint
esp w mayhem
mayb shaggy could catch a one night stand
or stabile w old PFP
i said OLD pfp
@Stabile
provide for us
idk how to do betterr
without cucking my seed set
or using ss pants

life was betterr when I thought this was stabile irl
yea
ii could do bracers....


losing 14 sp 28 haste gaining 14 crit 13 pen
so thats like ~ 42 sp lost
barely worth it
and ill just replace
nah
im just gonna do these arrena
the best high roll is rolling 0 magic bops on mage
and just blasting him
im not a high roll cringer tho
yea so bracers are a tiny bit better
but a tiny bit better isnt worth man
its just wasteful
yea
im gonna get 1 arena piece this week anyway
and second one next week
so
no point
we alrrdy got the stat weight off hildies sim and adjusted forr 43% uptime
yes its 2.8 SP per pen
like the thing is
2.8 SP per pen Assumes your hitting that boss
your not trying to just do better on paladin
your trying to do better than what you WOULD do if you hit mage
reasonably well
you dont want marginal upgrades with pen
you want big wins
grimoire is 35 pen
ill get that and be in good spot
im actually gonna be overcap with :
as is
HAHA
rank 1 som world
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/823471727081422849/942625417565708299/ak.mp4
holly fuck

boys
i didnt
i just hit the jackpot
5 sp candies
eh I dont have anything very thorough

heres this phase bis missing 1 gem socket

adding a 13 pen gem

6.49 dps
for 1 spen
(2040.16-1955.72)/13 = 6.495
swap  to runed crimson spinel

(1967.62-1955.72)/12 = 0.991666
so we have on a 250 Res boss :
1 spen is worth 6.495 dps
1 SP is worth 0.99166 dps

We account for the 43% uptime I see on logs:
6.495 *0.43  =2.79
2.79 /  0.99166 = 2.813
so 1 spell pen on Gathios is worth 2.813 Spell power
bro adding 1 pen gem and seeing this much difference gave me a half chub
85 dps from a gem
On council
I did 10 games at 1500 rating so im getting the pen OH on reset
wand next
gbank will have tons of gems, just need some deccent gearr to socket/a bit of bg for pen ring
or just buy like BoB + SS pants and slot them
or foretelling boots
mines all locked up in crit set
extra pen gems in old gear, if you want to 4 pce + hatefury, consider like belt/foretelling or shadowweave boots for pen gems
If you reference Loukis post in #tbc-research you will see that in bis gear vs bis pen gear, with perfect swapping and full debuff uptime, pen is only  a 4 % loss.
If you consider that you will almost cerrtainly not have full debuff uptime on the mage, and that you often lose casts on the mage due to it being hit with blessing of spell warding mid cast, you will see that its probably better to just wear pen gear.
Sometimes the mage will get blessing during aura, and you will have to swap to another undebuffed target, OR back to the aura with no pen gear on.
You can also reference the top 5 parses on council and see that 4/5 are using pen gear, while one that isnt  is nearly full bis already
you lose half a cast on average everry time the mage gets bop when your aiming him , literally no guild manages good weaving uptime on the mage
iits a no brainerr for me
its just alot of effort for one fight
but its neat so
gotta do it
well if your goal is 99 and you have good kill time sure
if you have me kill time and you want a 99
or you just wanna beat others in your raid
because its fun
then pen is nice
162
no i just want to beat the other warlocks
and the mages ofc
i get this on tuesday 550 points is actually super easy
then this next
you dont need to
you just gem 3 more pen gems somewhere its fine
blue gems are probably actually better than these pieces
if you had multiple bis pieces to gem
this is top warlock on council

yea
3rd place is shadow tho

and second place didnt wear spen
but is geared to the tits

and just spammed on gathios w ~50% crrit
5th
like

that isnt even v nice gear
its just kinda thrown together
but it fucks
nothing to special on the crits
and before spen the top parses were literally just hard casting on gathios
this is progress

like clearly he is trying to do it
he manages 80%
it says unlimited
on wowhead
also there is the kiting strat that lets you pump gathios because mage isnt blizz/flameing the raid
which will probably just be meta
unless they like quad cleave or something
there is gathios
with spell pen
ah
yea
gl hf
you dont NEED any
all those sets I linked above arent using arena gear or pvp gear at all
just gemming slots
Louki has sets in his post in #tbc-research but basically any decent gear w pen gems is nice
blasting, foretelling, SS pants
you defs dont need the arena gear, but honesly not too hard to get it
i think shadow res to cloak is bis
outside of council ofc
hows it work
cringe bro
go to shatt while your at it and get MC buff
why not at that point
its ok you got your cheese
i got my chocolate

ok dood
binary resist generally has really nice ROI
idk res is probably the best play on avg
but the problem w that fight is the top parses will just be high rolls w normal gear and still resisted 2 silences
ill wear extra SR on azgalor this week and try it
exactly
as I said
yup high roll on loot prio high roll on silence
its gonna be hard to beat that w SR
yea
yea so we cant regem our pen gear
need SR bis
pen bis
crit bis
and normal bis
any gdkps
look how much stupid gear i have to pack to raid
sr seed set 1 seed set 2 normal gear pen set
you never bank para cloak
i do
im not banking it
lmao
no
your turn to do math?
excuse me
this is performance
in raid
for the betterment of my guild
how dare you
how dare  you hannu
how to make boss afk
Yes this is why i said its fucked fight i saw this on logs too
Well just ppl getting lucky w silence not nevessarily noticing him not casting
162
88 from Coe
250 total
Wand
Silence neck
Dots?
Such fast fight tho
You dont tap much as is
I mean you can a bit
But like that's not gonna be game changer
No
Lol
Mayb?
Wanding is griefing the guy that highrolled resist or wore resist gear
Lol
yes but
idk if everyone wands therrer
including healerrs
and yea
they wanding anyways
get yourrs
Gz
I dont have that sadge
Thats alot
Tailor then back engi bro
Hannu how much is spell cloth
Onyour serv
Mine its 50
30g is one shard on my serv
Link haste shoulder
Since dog mods still didnt add bot
[Mantle]
Nice class disc
38 haste 26 int
I hate you all
38 haste
F
Why next
Fix link hannu
Bot is nice
Every class disc has
Who puts shit in brackets
And you monkeys spam anything anyways
Apparently it was shit early tbc so removed
Only 2
Mage and war
And shadow channel
So like 2.1
Shadow is worst channel
Dont say bad things about healer channel
Or femboyfriday chanel
If you count spriest as a full class disc you lack respect for your own class
If any thing being banned from warr mage shows my credibility as a warlock
And shadow priest was bullshit the man blatantly lies about their gear
See wowhead guide for spriest and read what he says about roak
Shadow hunter or assassin
Or sorc
Or berserker
Idk
Guns are cringe
Maybe striker
Im Canada bitch
Wow
Which euro welfare state are you from
Hannu be like that
The takes are fluid
Cause you said I was NA
But now i see
Your american so you think NA= USA = gun
Jk i love you
No but i speak french
yea your fucked
Gz on zd you only brought up your zd like 6 times
But gz
Ryu thinks french canada doesnt speak french
Hes racist basically
Yea for the french
Who are also commonly racist
Yea kinda
Eh
More like Mexican and spanish
Same language the wsy they speak it their uttereances
I lived in france for 4 months once
And never quebec
Its no diff than how Americans speak english vs brits
Eh
Yes
But British ppl are still alot more eloquent in their  word selection kinda like french vs quebec
Or spain vs Mexican
Sure
Same kinda shit tho
Its like the British lad wears his loafers and calls you wanker and the american bro wears his sneakers and calls you a cocksucker
French v quebec v similar
Ok
You get uncapped faster
Because succ sac over caps you even more
Isn't chinese food like not really chinese food
Like sweet n sour pork ginger beef
Im p sure if you go to China there will be no ginger beef
Or sweet n sour pork
fallingn behind on prio on gear that isnt good o no
penetrate the hammer mans defense .... wield great lumberjack force.... pinks for all purples
sometimes a roll makes sense
sometimes a roll is a copout
because the LC is too pussy to do their job
either not confident or dont want to make someone cry
yea mages being shameless about those shoulders
not seeing the forest through the trees
just throwing away those shouldrs and never looking back
BMB
o magus blade
yes but by the same token winning on a roll feels less good than being rewarded something because you earned it
and then new ppl get brought into the roll because LC forgot
or is incompetent
did you ever look into which is better value OH or wand
from arena pen gear
I want OH but I lose chronicle for it
im team player
literally noone else linked for chronicle Im fine taking TOC chronicle while 6 ppl sling shit at each other for zhardoom
and I never got fathomstone
shut uppp hannu
not in every guild no
Its bis for seed set
Aoe capped at least
Your still gonna run 6 shams in swp
Are you gonna cut all eles for resto really
4 resto 2 enhance?
Maybe in optimal setups idk
Lust good
not even
nelth is too good for mages
to make that comparrison
that will just make mages want skull
its really not
yea but in my garbage raid I farmed you every phase so far
so that means that you should respect me even more
it will take us a bit longer to work out our kinks but once we got shit down I easily beat your numbers
just like every other phase
nah
its just trru
we have not the most try hard raid, I still get my 99s
itll take a bit this phase
but Ill get em again
mayhem likes results
I get results
in non ideal conditions
partitioned, unlucky
you cant even use a slammerr to dodge a sleep brro
you think I fear you
you also talk alot of smack about bowweaving but dont actually do it
anyone who gets 4 pce funnel can put up big top parses
meaningless
the real competition is end phase
when we all are on equal footing
when your not in your element with 10 simps helping you parse in kara, you cant even muster a 99.

I got 99s easily in random splits in my "shit guild".
i get results without demanding doom every week and hard simping
thats literally your own quote from 2 days ago
yea I mean this is all a meme lock parsing is the antithesis of skill in this game

yea gasgas = 10 simps and farmed by china anyway

I bet you scream into the mic when your second lust doesnt come right when you want it
affli IDS boomy always doom assign always double lust
im surprsied your not in a group w 2 BMs tbh
Go Schattenblitz crit your mother mayhem
nah
theres no skill
in warlock TBC gameplay
affli is retard comp
not really
but theres a bit more that goes into say warrior gameplay
than warlock
or spriest
ok dooood
you die on that hill
the "standing in right place is skill" hill
nah theres plenty of issues with your gameplay
I have pointed out many
objects in mirror are closer than they appear
youll need a telescope when deez nuts are in orbit around you as a celestial body going at speeds a simple vehicle couldnt even fathom
ghost owl
when you doing shadow res =  haste math
you see the great thing about women is you can imagine they are femboys
and the great thing about men is you can imagine them AS femboys
its a win win
https://tenor.com/view/aniki-cum-zone-gif-18724304
hows your bard
@Bael
do you have valentines date
irl
what about in game
is there genshin valentines event
you could get a date easy
irl
just make like austrian grinder account or something

Schleifer
why not
you gotta put yourself out there man
stop be so shy
Mayhem Bael needs valentines date in Austria
yea
I think hes scared
welcome to appearing female
ok no grinder
what are you gonna do to find love
then you will never find
I just want you to be happy
and its valentines day
owo
your new girlfriend is femboy?
no he dunks on his femboy gf is how I read it
nohitjerome
spoiler its a body pillow
and he dunks on it every night before sleep
gatekeeping?
I didnt say anything bad about it
I support mayhem
that is the cutest lil bait I ever saw
hes probably not in vienna right .... right?
on valentines day
o i get it
yea
vienna has nice sausages
if you did have a valentines date in vienna
what would you do
any cool restaurant
or
park
i imagine this isnt adjusting for 43% uptime of resistance
or comparing to any sort of swapping strat
it shouldnt matter what your pen before flask is as long as your not over 162
pen should be linear gains up to 162
well it certainly doesnt sound like hildi trying to do that
bag dad
i think he will still cast a bit
when hes driving by
he still gets magic bop if you tank him in bagdad tho
if thats what your thinking
mage just has blink to help them and can steal dampen in a pinch
he still lands some arcane dmg on you
your pala is gonna get blasted by mage and not have dampen?
yes like a Arcane missiles
or drain life
oof
yea im not sure
your saying kite strat seems good? Yea
but mayb some try hards can like 4 cleave it
why tho
why do you think thats the noob strat
because you do less dmg as a mage personally?
lol
@Scanlawn your raid doesnt really run many melee
so mayb you can use that as your out
lmao
even if you dont kite tho, pen + blasting gathios seems good
alot of those top parrses arent actually doing kite strat
just pen+blast gathios
this is a lie.
the only one in top 5 with 3 lusts is actually someone not wearing pen gear mayhem.
@Mayhem wrong again
actually proving my point
this is the one guy not using pen

geared as shit
3 lusts.
the rest use pen with 1 or 2 lusts lol
try harder @Mayhem
yea hes coping so hard hes gone delusional
ah yea more copium lies
keep em coming
imagine you are mayhem, funneled 4 pce
and you get farmed by this guy

he does
nah just fact checking
mayhem claimed triple lust
it was false
are you an austrian american football fan
you mean like the one that copies others but never quite does as well as the original
how do I localize my insults to austrria
what really rustles austrian jimmies
whats that mean
paris was just plagued everywhere by the ppl who pretend to make you a bracelet and steal your wallet
and basically harass you into making a bracelet for you
and then try to guilt you into paying alot
ok thanks oida
i dont get mentis
hes like a weeb that doesnt like genshin?
uhh
k
you are a Backpfeifengesicht
a consensual Backpfeifengesicht tho
@Mayhem Leck mich im Arsch
everryone iis
some just dont know it
NPCs?
if I was in vienna id take bael to this cute mozart statue
ðŸ˜¦
Euros post the best food in your country
Go
Pic
Pic and name
Post food pics or gtfo honestly
Dumplings?
Fuuuck that schnitzel looks good
Whats in it
Uhhh
British beans hit diff
They are silky
Dont make me google post pics
Wtf
Ooo
That looks great
Whats that
?
Whats it called tho
Ok more food pics go
No not stalin
Food
Yall are fucked
Food
Not spiders
Whats best aussie food
Other than blue balls
Golden gaytime
Nogger gives slowfall i think
You sure
Sausage + white bred
I like sump
You should ninja pull more
If shaggy isnt freaking out its a shit pull
Tount
Tekbaowel tount
Why would you go that high
You have 88 pen from elements
You only need 162 pen
What are you comparing
So you are at 225. And potent beats another stormy?
1544 inbox
Cappo
Yoeys an australian cunt
Mentis is a dodger
dragonstrike + fist of reckoning is better
my enhance farms you
so hard
its disgusting
with fist of reckoning
never drorpped for him
stil gets r7
did you see the part where sump talked about you hiding under desk

also nice bread shaggy
lots of sugar in gochujang usually
I find adding it to recipes sketchy cause it will caramelize/burn
You want to buy my venti acc
Hes pretty stacked
wym tv man already beat the mages last phase
hell do it again just needs some drops
done did it

missing 3 pen
pathetic
pen is bis
you guys are in copium denial
mayhem stop circus spamming you lost this argument like 10 x already
15 that have WAY worrse gear than you
farmed by theory craft
despite loot funnel
yiiiiikes
all i hear is 3 copium excuses
after yuo got farmed by ungeared warlocks
and owned by math
apparently you do mate
nah when ppl have 4 pce and pen your so farmed its unreal
and then ppl start 3/4 cleaving
and rape your killtimes
gg
alrdy farmed but your gonna be literally Landwirtschaft
you already lost 7 spots on top 20 to pen gear
ofc
we arent trying to beat browns
just do the best we can
yep
you optimize for every fight if you are good at the game dont you
improve killtime
improve your perf in raid
literally why do you care
you just sound salty / upset that you might have to do it tbh
ok dont
optimizing is 3/4 cleaving them lets be honest bro
and your going to have aura then
how good is pen when seeding 3 or 4
penetrating his butthole
warrlock is all about penetrating the butthole
lmao no
plenty of pepega warriors still
its more like
warrlock is boring ass rotation
so halfway through raid they start falling asleep
and the only things ppl actually judge warlocks for are paying attn to dumb shit like healthstone/curse on trash/soulstone/etc
so yea your warlocks are half asleep through raid
miss one soulstone
and get flamed
noone flames a furry who rips every second pull
wat
its not that warlock playerrs arre disproportionately bad imo
its that they are asleep
from their rotation bullshit
no its not lol
how is that even cope
its just saying rotation puts you on auto pilot
Theres plenty of dogshit mages plenty of dogshit hunters plenty of dogshit warrior
i dont think warlocks are more often worse players
just they are more often checked out/asleeep halfway through raid
I dunno all these sweeping generalizations about rerollers or non rerollers or fury warriors that stayed fury or whatever are just bullshit
just trying to bait stupid arguments
theres a metric fuck ton of dog spriests
at least dog warlocks do their rotation right
:p
ye
yea and theres rogues that mash SS
theres furies that have no idea what their rotation even is
theres dogs in evvery class
idk if anyone has an excuse
for being dogshit
its not like spriest is rocket science
all thse rotations are easy as fuck
its all clown shit man
theres ppl bad at every class and the vast majority are
like blow talks all this shit but then clips off 40 dps of dots
in lockcord BT
and hes probably one of the better spriests
ppl arre just dogs
at game
i mean what does haste have to do with clipping dots
just dont use the dot until it ends
are you saying you were on auto pilot doing your rotation?
cause I bet you were
lmao still bro
warlocks have to do that too you know
with immolate
super easy not to clip
even w haste
or lust
no you arent
you pretend you are
but you arent
lol
Seethe
if you were doing math mid fight you actually wouldnt be clipping yur VT because you casted it too fast
the reality is you are autopiloting your rotation
and fucking it up
im talking to a shadow priest
its ok you dont follow
cause dont read
take a break mayhem go back to analyzing your own council logs
im sure you are
the spriest is griefed too trying to weave both mobs
dps loss so you can skip a pen set
multidottingperhaps, trying to reapply weavving asap on 2 targ no
the king blow everybody

nice weaving uptime
its one thing to multi dot
its another thing to autistically swap back to the mage every time a magic bop falls off
isntantly put up 5 weaving asap
and still keep weaving up on boss
progress spriest doesnt even manage it
but he does a better job than anyone I have seen
this was your first pull

second

third
i digress
and that is a lofty assumption because often you have aura up when you need to put up weavig
sometimes evven you have aura up AND blessing up
and now your what? swapping to a third target
with no debuffs
that too
i mean theres so many reasons
JoW
ISB
having to recurse over and over
the BOP forcing you to cancel cast
is it worth multidotting agony
I think it i
you can agony as soon as blessing goes out
so you know its not coming out again
yep
another reason to run pen XD
fuck zephan
it better not be soft as shit again
your not doing us any favors w this thorough analysis and respect to other classes thing
yea and your fucking it up
for those who do
we got passion over here making sprist guides saying "Band of Ancient knowledge is far better for spriest than any other class"
if skull guide doesnt clearly say its best for warlocks by a good margin
you fuck us all
consider that when you cash your paycheck
think about what you have done
not really
no
its like 10 dps gain next phase single target
they jsut have better trinket options
SCB + HXH is 10 dps lower than HXH Skull
no it doesnt
skull is basically dead on aoe
because they aoe cap with ashtongue+veins
again they just have another trinket
yep!
its like 30-40 this phase ST for mage
but then HXH comes  out and falls to 10 dps gain
and then in sunwell if they have sliver its not even used
true
thanks zephers
did you know it also makes you herb faster
its very good for druids for herbing
and dreamstate for faerie fire
???
you can make 13% hit set with skull that is bis
lmao
shut up bro
that doesnt mean the hit is uselss lmao
hell china warlocks already have full bis
unobtainable
this too
its not like skull hit only relevant in full bis
dumbest take I ever heard
try again
???
your saying hit is dead on skull unless full bis which is unobtainable
this is false
just dont run ROS neck and you can use at least some of that hit
thres plenty of other configurations too
sure
sometimes dead in mid gear
is true
yep
aka skull hit still useful
while your gearing up
huh
no wonder I said the take was dumb
mayhem ahl tier parse guild that doesnt run a fury but does have boomy/arms/rogue
is a hunter an officer @Mayhem
this looks like hunter simping
no fury
arms rogue boomy
My conclusion was lock > boomy > mage forr skull
lmao no way
does hurricane pump
thats better than hellfire/seed/AE?
its weird mayhems guild runs double feral but only 1 warrior
missing a battle shout
is it a rogue simping guid
thats what it is bro
its rogue simp
no fury in raid
bcause its rogue glaives guild!
there it is
the hunters in raid arent even getting Schlachtruf (battle shout)
I think its warlock simp guild
hannu is right
hunters dont even get enhance
and they have surv in BM group
lock simp raid confirmed
affli + boomy
dw guys mayhem has hard prio on both caster rings
and skull and zdoom
its a raid comp that has maximum warlock simping
is it not
?
alot of it is a bit outta the ordinary tbf
hunters no b shout feral tank no b shout no enhance
but max simp for warlock
surv in the feral group
yea hunter scams
your cute when you get like this
enhancement in classic is liek warlcok in classic
if you play enhancement/lock in vanilla you lacked the enhancement/lock knowledge to not play enhancement/lock in vnanilla
thererfore you are bad at enhance/lock
that doesnt mean you should play it
2 warlocks always getting doom slot
Boomy 
Aff lock
2 lust always to the lock group no matter what
simping
mayhem im just busting your balls but you defs have optimal parse raid conditions and very nice loot prio
no we also run that many shamans
but I shill for spreading lust to other classes as well, im not selfish and take it for myself every fight
I think thats a bit cringe
unless you really are a tryhrd parse guild
in case sure
but I think game is for fun and if melee wants a lust once in a while or mages or w.e thats all good
agreed
i also respect the other locks in my raid and dont take doom slot from them every week
I want my players to enjoy the game
and feel enabled in the same way I am
not give myself speccial gold stars all the time
you called your other locks slugs that dont deserve doom
mayb slug is a compliment in german?
one thing that actually pissed me off in my own raid tho
is they didnt wanna go for prioing one 4 pce at a time
and the reason?
All the other locks put tier one slot lower on wishlist than me
so it would go to me
and im on LC
so ppl might mald
but the thing is these fucks gamed the list, now they all get illidari council cloak because they put that third
but I still gotta sharer tier w  em
arent you using bloodmaw magus blade since P1 tho
you didnt bother farrming anything better either
he farmed stormcaller, you got a weap from raid given to you
whats the diff man
whats the diff
you didnt farrm any arrena weap
neither did he
do you not do gruul splits?
so you expect him to do his own gruuls or arena or what?
im asking you mayhem
what you want him to do
farm arena which you arre clearly unwilling to do yourself?
gdkp a fang which you never did?
mayhem doesnt actually bowweave
he just talked big about it
if he skipped gruuls that were scheduled in advance then yea thats fair
well you see mayhem hasnt farmed his S2 weapon and is giving himself loot prio
monka
sheeeeit
yea he got naj dagger so now your actually the warlock with worst weapon in raid
are you farming honor?
or arena?
SSC gdkp?
or just slugging?
you could fill raid for a leo kill rirght now
start LFG in venoxis chat
just say all bosses no vash
o it reset today
im jk man
gl in future
orly
still got 12 h to pug this ssc
and get your fang
before reset
you been typing herre all morning
could already be in the raid
they will
everyone wants tier tokens now
cause of pvp turn in
esp on day before reset
mayhem
what happened to gas on lucifron anyway
you get banned?
ditch the guild?
when is gasgasgas on firemaw
yep
can just farm honor for s2 pvp right
ah
how many points is it
well surely gasgas would get 1800 at least
he is doing it atm he says
sounds slug
trueee
reply to yourself
hello linelo how is your day
I have a poem answer my question you may
why is passions wowhead guide so gay
"Ring of Ancient Knowledge is absurdly good for Shadow Priests, and it isn't Unique, meaning you can and want to use two of them. This ring drops from Trash, which means it can potentially be farmed. Other classes want this, but none gain as much individually from it as Shadow Priests."
I @tted him he didnt reply
yep
linelo did you not get ZD orrr skull?
I thought you posted both to me
rip
the based spriest believves in pen
pog
not for zhardoom
gdammit
can we not
agai
again
we done zhardoom so many times
what a yawn
new school is making fun of hannu/mayhem pen takes
itts bad because you just swap
yea figured this will be meta
triple cleave mage kite
yep
o please mayhem
you have been attacking me personally for the last 3 days
dont fucking get your panties in a bunch now
the way you cartwheel between takes and angles is laughable
myy logs have been shared like 1 million times
exactly
lol
you talk like this to me for 3 fucking days
you deseve every ounce of criticism
I havent said anything about you personally and focused entirely on the game
spriest rotation hard
thats not me
cant its lock prio
also I got hammer alrdy
so smaller upgrade for me
than anyone else in raid
spoiler
we gave our first zd to a spriest
and that was mainly my decision
but if i was in a good guild that actually tried hard on performance I would never give ZD to spriest
but we are in ppl guild where ppl should be happy
yawn bait
do you read
just curious
go read again

not even 1 page up
yea that tends to happen to ppl who dont read
they get confused
and make cringe baits
that make no sense
this is all based on your own statements mayhem
today your all "woe is me" why does everyone make these assumptions about me
day before you are all "I get the loot because I deserve the loot. The doom is my birthright ...... another paragprahe of self gratifying narrative"
you talk like a cocky douche and then get upset when ppl treat you like a cocky douche
cmon bro the things you typed the past 3 days and now your all self pitying
you flip flop your take daily
my logs are public af
most ppl here know my toons name
Im not the one flexing my parses in here you are


you write your cocky ass paragraphs all day every day
and then get mad when ppl assume your a cocky douche
stfu

i actually found most of them pretty funny
but now he wants to act like hes a victim
what he do
what if he just wanted to fuck other classes not us
his name was doom
clearly lock lover
zephans america tho
:peepohigh:
zephan = minority report
we are tom cruise
ugh
i hate this
cow man bad
lets see the back I guess
why are legendary 1hers always 2x the size of any 2her
banning us would give xelrog way too much parse power
!robot
bc
its suppposed to be out on release
not 8 months in
when yo have farmed the other raids dry
it wasnt this late
is the point
that is the reason the gear gap between hyjal and SSC is small/non-existent outside a few items
idk what the problem is really
your getting a massive powerspike this phase
like 600 dps gain
from last phase to this
you just arent supposed to have farmed every dam item from the prev 2 raids
before you do this one
you clear KT once and you do hyjal
in OG tbc
thats not true
plenty of bosses have good loot
and yea alot more loot would be usable if you didnt have full SSC TK bis
which literally noone had going into hyjal
in OG TBC
like blue suede boots for example
are good if you dont have blasting
but evvery single person has blasting
tru
everyone would just skip right to hyjal TK
well
a few good guilds would skip there
the rest of guilds would quit because cant kill vash

https://tenor.com/view/blocked-unfollow-blocking-wonder-woman-twitter-gif-16090760
i think blizz phasing it out like this was correct
just P1 too long
and also they coulda made shit a bit harder
thatd be neat
lel its fake i think
I think this is mayhem reminding me he blocked me
good riddance tbh
every point value
162 max
100%
rings are dece
guardian aand pvp ring
eye of the night
Depends
If its just for hyjal and int saves you from tapping at all on waves
Its good
Depends on your raid
You have to look  at your pack fight duration in log
Then math how much mana to not tap
Attacks me for 3 days but cant handle being on receiving end
Hellfire radius
If anything it gets worse relative to other stats
Pen gear or high roll
Just use haste
never had a sim so they basically just said hey that set bonus looks nice we should get that
its a dps loss comparerd to crafted gear mate
lol
why the hell does a spriest need stamina in T5
its hard to undo that much bad info
its on the spriests for spreading that info
and they continue to do so to this day, just new flavor is how good ROAK is and Zhardoom
the entire spriest TC in TBC has been shilling gear with no math so they get more loot than they should
propaganda from well before TBC even started
that continues to this day
look what you did spoar
passion just plays the two classes that suck to give loot to but hard shills them
ret and spriest
meh you are all complicit
as long as passion's guide sits on wowhead
you are complicit
you can denounce him in the comments section whenever you please
allowing yourselves to be pushed around by a ret paladin
are you banned too
no
many can
survival
arms but thats kinda a meme
since debuff is near 100%
survival has the strongest link between gaining gear and adding raid dps
yes\
more agi = more AP for raid
spriest gets more mana from more dmg but its not a great ROI
literally the same thing warlocks do in demo in WOTK
but for spell power
it ... doesnt but I think their CVOS shilling is a bit sus
they have the comparison sheet right that says ret gains 17 dps from having CVOS
which is like below ret, above hunter
howevver
that 17 dps is more like dps gain of 3 contested items
than just one
its them taking shadowmaster boot instead of free plate boots, so they can use the hit from cvos, so they dont wear forest prowler
etc
ok
not in bis
they hav 18 hit on them
and cant use the hit in bis
but if they have no CVOS free plate boots quite good
yea
indeed
it was more a shot at passion than a major point about rets
they also shilled hard for DST tho
well rets would have you think its almost as good as enhance for them
and that they should be prioed over fury/hunter
SMI?
who else even wants that
debuffs
the magic bop forcing you to swap anyway @Vanthere
if you spam on mage you can get lucky w low BOPs,
but if it gets average number of BOPs your gonna be lose ~2 sbolts because you lose on average half a cast every time it bops
even if you swap perfect
weaving, JOW, curse
they all get knocked off periodically by the magic BOP
ISB
imp seal of crusader
yes
they get knocked off
when the magic bop happens
you can get lucky just pounding the mage w normal gear tho
mayb you only get one bop
Yep
Your sims did they include ret seal
For the 4% loss conclusion
Yes but no seal?
Or jow?
The pt is prot can make same debuffs
Ghost
Wheres the sres math
Conclusion?
Rip
On azgalor
Why not
Thats exactly what it is
You have weight for sp weight for haste weight for sr
Its not hard to relate
Bis spriest rotation is only casting shadow spells when isb is not up or to maintain weaving
Lol
What floating point implementation does wow classic use
How much error in the calc
Hey remember when i asked if it was discrete
And you made fun of me
Get fucked spoar
0 haste bis?
Dark matter has mass right
So does black hole
Prove that bolt doesnt
My dicks shadow has alot of mass actually
Yep
Just poor translation
Game was originally written in norwegian
Hence blizz first game was viking based
Memes are  haste imo
Basically when we raid we power billgates quantum computer
What about magnets
2.5
Y
Yes its called one crit
Also linelo wrote the sim so it probably clips dots alot
If you catch my drift
Gm
Whats sogs
None of this science is real you know
The earth is flat
All nasa shit is a lie
Bruh im literally holding a ball right now
I put it on the ground
It doesnt roll away
The earth is flat idiots
Wouldnt that just amplify the dong signal
The sun is just big nasa conspiracy
I use a cone of foil around my dong area to reflect more signal to dong
Good idea but im not sure I need more signal
Your all wrong we live in a simulation and every bolt cast is transferring some bits of cuck porn on the real bill gates laptop
hi ael
yea but thats like playful degradation as I see it
its ok when ael does it
pogo
#20 and counting
hehe
have you ever seen GOT
you know the scene where Melisandre births a shadow demon
explain that
somehow shadow demon forced its way into an area without light
just saying
Moderater ael also know as Mael
what has more weight int or stamina
spellpower is obviously a shit stat only for dmg
less mass!
less force
less dmg
alright I think we exhausted all the tropes
lemme know when we argue about pen again
do you guys remember the legendary bow in sunwell was designed by a guy with brain cancer for Make a WIsh
and then he passed away and there was post on wow forums
and all the comments just asked what the kid dropped
it was like sad post and just a thousand spergs asking what he dropped
is Jailer biggest bad
atm
I thought it was like lich king or something again
thats my myspace
??
the earth is flat idiot
lie down on the ground right now
do you roll off ?
earth is flat
i mean its a tier 5 item
why would it be bis in tir 6
you think blizz is dumb or something?
clearly its cowl + 4 pce
@fjeenzy
you are fucking hot mate
also how are you that lucky
progress calling blizzard friends to rig loot again
smh
jpaint its that movie you made me watch
dumb planet or w.e
idiocracy

this man is sitting in the shadow
you can still see him
there fore
shadow is not absence of light
you got a gf bro
how was your valentines
gl jpaint
when is jpaint gonna join progress and put up CoR for the 2 glaive chad fjeenzy
https://tenor.com/view/anime-meme-gif-22067812
Gooooooo JPAINT
@Bael @jpaint
Can you make me cheerleader gif for jpaint cheering
A Haiku:
 Jpaint's affliction
Hes always my addiction
our love's non-fiction
do you like my haiku
or my gif
or me ðŸ˜³
guys calm down
there is only one universal language : It's Love.
pls send jpaint your love tonight as he will yet again be raiding
he prefers DMs
of love
thats the doctor that made covid in the USA I thought
all I know is the canadian skeleton team is thicc af
skele is the one w butt up
its bis sport so far for sure
yep
medivhs coom
hmm
like which
bop knocking off dots
pisses me of
it makes it feel unworth to multi dot at all
you?
or secret logs?
i expect at least one 100 this time next week
you got the glaives
go join bipolar now
tbbh i see what he means
skull could be a bit more poggers
like skull is what gives illidan all his power
not his glaives
but glaives are 10x the power level of skull
coping about what
200 dps gain is utterly insane idk fam
omg
no you didnt
you are baiting
for copium
whats his toon name
ycb?
your lyinggggg
bruh
WHY
you know why not
is bad for spriest
idk cant tell
its not really bait
they actually looted spriest skull
im not being angry
im just asking whyyy
you keep saying cope
about things that arent cope
just stop
so rude tbh
we said nice glaives
we were very nice
and you just call us cope
if anything
you have no respect
its clear
thanks
i heard tetsu quit because fjeenzy banged his girlffriend and took his glaives
how hard were you when second glaive dropped
also
explain why skull went to spriest
is it cause of splits
idk how to do that
okay so it was split
tetsy
this spriest killed himself w SW D 10 minutes into hyjal
1 hr later he is looted skull of guldan
nice fucking game bro
i feel like this is good humor this time
@Itsmarco
i dont think anyone does
I think this is very tongue in cheek convo
yes i think we are meming heavily
and noone is actually mad
but idk
cope
cope
yay\
ya marco we saw
i literally dont think anyone here is actually seething
its joke bro
i hope when I wake up marco is allowed to play trispec
so I did pvp last night and I did new pve spec after
no soul leech no conflag no nether pot 1 point imp immo or some shit and imp searing pain
what you guys think
emberstorm and searing pain are cocked tho
did you read my haiku
or my gif
https://tenor.com/view/the-office-crying-michael-scott-sad-upset-gif-9816214
thats
fine
inv
shitposting chann delete > shitposting in pve > Zeph mad > deletes all commands> makes shitposting channel > ppl shitpost in it > zeph mad > repeat
no inv
honestly if ael shills his onlyfans and doesnt inv or back it up should be ban
at least mute
he could but he doesnt
hes scared that someone is gonna doxx him in fucking austiria
wait new mod who dis
!lockcordparse
('Kull#9384', 82.91)
lol
yo is it true that wrriors cant get fel rage?
wtf why
!sKULL

White name pls
or black thatd be cool
wait
til this log uploads
spell pen gear works
not doom this week tho
ty
its  up now but no parse yet sadge
1890
5:27 kill
next time w this skull gg
spell pen op  rank  9 council
well
our kill time was dog
5:30 melee  die
fuck
o btw your here now

white name pls

you want me to scan my id
shhhh
it was p scuffed def feel the pen tho
thats ok
ty
what do you put on that cheeseburger
dont aussies put eggplant or some shit
yea thats it
beets are good on burgers
is that mcdonalds
is this bis for seed in hyjal
Mayhem might have been #13
but I got # 9

pen gear good
results have been crafted
the ppl above me have WAY shorter killtimes
AND I GOT SKULL

this is what I used + elixir of empowerment + shadow power elixir
lmao ok
doing pvp for the arena pieces tho
its spell pen
someone tell mayhem to unblock me because I crafted results
hehe
yes true
but it was scuffed 5:30 kill
well get a better kill time soon
and my spell pen set finna get way better
just got skull too
hatefury mantle w pen gems 
Anything w pen gems is good, like Belt of Blasting, SS Pants, Foretelling Boots etc
theres also arena ring/OH/Wand are great
Band of the Guardian
Elixir of Empowerment
the bis setup is 2 pvp pen pieces, 4 pce t6 with pen in chest, and then pen enchant and hatefury mantle I think
but obvs not many have 4 pce T6 with chest
sure man.  But just remember even top top guilds dont manage 100% weaving.
loool
you might get that with high roll on bops
but wont be reliable right
like any bop happens  near start of aura at all
your not gonna have your weaving
theres defs room for improvement sure but  I dont even have 4 pce yet in that log, on a 5:30 kill
I feel like I have more room to climb
yes but it wont be better on average
based on Louki math
it will be better on high roll MAYBE
I did
162
with elements
you dont NEED to
and alot of the top parses are using only a sprinkle of pen currently
but it has solid vlue up to 162
so the best setups typiccally will go 162
yep
will be fine
youll get pretty close with just a few pieces really
it adds up fast
SS pants and foretelling is 13*5 = 65  pen, 30 from elixir, 20 from enchant thats 115 pen
me sadge
well you  can LAP that
for sure thats my scuffed setup atm
@Hannu pvp  OH and wand soon, and now I have skull too so I can fix the set a bit
@Hannu whats your setup
2nd yae pog
save for venti you need them constellations
yea I bet this is better actually
fucking dont have 2 foretellings tho
and no zhardoom ofc
how much better is it no arena pieces?
will take a bit to get that setup really
why?
yea kinda
you lose like ~52 SP in stats to gain 35 pen
well
depends
if you dont use hit on chronicle, then OH is defs good
if you dont use hit on wand, then pvp wand is defs good
@Hannu
but in a full bis setup  yea
im not using rn man
I have chronicle + wand + skull
too much hit
yea yyea yea
even without chronicle id be over hit tho
whats  yae do anyway
shes girl
thats actually super cringe  you dont run  4x femboy
Solution : spell pen set
Just gem more pen
Disc bis yes
O is that jus pasta
Or srs
I think warrs are
Not greens
But there's good war shills the enchants
Thetes warr shills having diff cloaks w diff ench for the fight
Nr for druid or something
Sr for shadow ppl
And a few res enchants and stuff he swaps on
Mayhem you cant say you want whats better on average and then say pen is bad over and over
And try to high roll no bops
Like lmao
You sjilled bowweaving for months and never actually did it?
Literally the herd hated spell pen until it was proven to be good.  Your not a hipster refusing to use pen youre just boomer
This man shilled bowweaving for 2 pbases while not ever actually doing it. Now hes simming it and saying it's only worth at haste breakpoint?
Cringe man
you sit around discrediting everyone
you ask for this
dont fucking play victim
spen is the better play on average and best play overall, I look forward to your bowweaving logs
hannu pog
@Hannu tfw you get skull but for some reason you have TLC equipped instead on boss
guys for some reason I thought skull had 1.5 m cd
not 2 m cd
did Wowhead used to say that
or am I just cooked
!skull
huh
w.e
yea true
im using badge cloak atm
sadge
nethervoid soon probs

scamaz
o yea
the instant that he banend me from channel
he also banned me from there
even tho I never relaly posted there
mayb i did once
literally I didnt do shit wrong
if your gonna write guides and act like an authority
you need to expect criticism
and handle it professionally
not attack ppl personally for their feed back on your work
and then cry and ban them
yea literally fucking psycho shit
and then goes on and writes a guide with blatant lies
"Ring of ancient knowledge is far better for spriests than other casters"
alludes to false haste break point when arguing about zhardoom
"if you dont get zhardoom you will need more haste in other slots"
its literally just misinformation
and banned for calling that shit out
priests should be ashamed
ppl asked about my ban in that disc
idk whens next spriest arc in the timeline
where yall overthrow passion and right the wrongs
the great saint linelo brought us sims, and with those sims the false prophet passion's lies were exposed to the world. 

It took great effort but eventually Linelo over threw passion and baniished him from the land. The ppl of wow classic rejoiced as we looked forward to a new horizon in WOTK.
give me this
@Linelo
ah
like healslots
but supportsluts
spriest isnt support in WOTK tho?
is that true
No more weaving?
is it still gonna be a 1 off class in try hard raids
or what
havent heard much about spriests in WOTK
I get mad because if I have to deal with my shadow priests being fed misinformation and show them why passion is full of shit, then all the noobs below me are certainly suffering, and they don't all have big brains like me to set them straight
Imagine your a shadow priest dont know much, and follow passion's wisdom run 4 pce T5 and grief yourself and shit
like
the discords and wowhead are there to help ppl
not to shill for loot prios
and that is literally what passion does
abuse his platform to shill for loot prios
so try hard guilds just wont run one?
thats cool obvs I think "back then" takes are pretty sus
Im even sus about warlock in WOTK tbh
might not be as poggers as ppl claim
true
both can be sus
both can be intelligent
you have to think about what is likely to be consistent from private
and what isnt
yea
like how much dmg a class can output is probably not gonna change
the mechanics and fight lengths will tho
comparing to private
yea
honestly being a support class in WOTK seems good
because the core dps classes its gonna be so degenerate
fighting over tricks
hysteria
I like idea of running demo lock into fury in ICC
i have a dream - and that dream is dual wielding shadowmourne and Ravager
and the spin proccing a million explosions
i am very sus that fury is just gonna shit on everything again
LEL
idk man
we'll see
ppl just didnt try that hard back then
even if they had proper knowledge
which they almost certainly didnt
yea bro I just play w 24 friends and dont run a guild like some sort of cringe church cult
yea I mean we are just now getting sims for some classes after 15 years
15 year old private servers didnt have the level of tryharding classic dfid
ppl knew what was optimal
but they never actually stacked 20 warrs in a speedrun
classic brings out the absolute sweatiest try harding
that you guaranteed never saw before on a p server or in OG wotk
i believe ppl try harded
classic just takes it to a new level man
ppl jsut go harder
sweat every detail
idk man
theres plenty to do in TBC right now
various dailies
various grinds for mounts
pvp
ppl just dont do it man
what content do you want to have?
what kinda content would you play the game for?
Im convinced unless it gives you a parse rank on log site you will raid log @Blow
thats literally the only "content" you will play
pvp
mount farms
what else do you want
just more raids?
sure man
yea the raids are easy and the core pve content is done in one night
if thats all you play game for
you will be bored
I guess?
isnt that like evvery tier of wow ever tho
sure man hyjal is boring
but the constant narrative that there is 0 content
I think you will ALWAYS complain about that
thats not gonna change
hit the nail on the head.

"I only want to do this one portion of the game"
"theres no content"
hey
again blow, I think zoomers like you that dont like pvp at all don't really enjoy this game that much. You are just addicted to the seritonin drip of gear/lumberjack website. 

You would probably have more fun in a game that is more explicitly focused on raiding and hard content and pve.
@Blow
like FF14 or some shit
heh
"zoomers like you" might be a bit aggressive
but like halff the reason non zoomers play is nostalgia
without nostalgia
without pvp
you just hve lumberjack website
and churning out parses
thats all you have
yep yep
its completely valid to wish the content was harder
but its not so
play FF14?
idk
riot MMO when?
mayb mayb
yep yep
yea....
and "theres no content" when theres like 6 raids, arena, tons of grinds for mounts
idk what more you want
like salvdali said same  thing on stream
and i was like
"what content did you do in vanilla"
why is tbc contentless but you look fondly at vanilla
cause you had to get your buffs?
yea and ppl complained constantly about that
til they made boon
lol
like at this point if you still wish for more content in classic wow
your just playing the wrong game
been the same for years
theres more content than ever right now
Yea same
Blow prolly logs in, swipes, buys all his consumes gems enchants in org and then raidlogs
No content because i swiped it all away
Your supposed to grind that shit out not buy gold lol
Yep some ppl enjoy  game genuinely. Some ppl play for loot and pink numbers.
Which
O cmon lol
Breh some ppl play a raid w their friends some ppl watch judge judy
Who cares
It takes a special kind of person to make youtube videos on soloing quagmirrian heroic too.

It takes a special kind of person to enjoy hunting wild animals.

It takes a special kind of person to enjoy watching maury.

Fuck it bro its your life whatever melts your butter
Yawn . just sick of these "my chosen way to waste time is superior to yours" takes
Lel
I won skull with a 33 roll last night btw
Other lock rolled 20 gg
Kinda want mod to drop inculove off me
For skull role to show
why not bro
its actually decent dps boost in hyjal on my arms
but super waste of gold
why not bro
on one fight?
Im top 9 lock on council with a 5:30 kill !
gz krymer
but
Krymer

me
hmmmm
just roll between two locks
from LC
gz krymer
bro thats just another ccontent your dodging tho
you dodge allll the content that isnt raiding
and then complain theres no game to play
you play however you want to man
literally every mmo has grinding for rewards
based
and thats fine if you wanna skip that part
but you cant skip 90% of the content and then say theres no content
what you mean is there isnt enough content for you that you want to participate in
and you are right
reality is you dont enjoy 90% of wow classic
only 10% of it
thats just the  reality
yea its a new school game
enjoy it
its probably a better game for you then
idc how you spend your time
yes man, but we cant do shit about the 15 year old game LOL
yea
my point is that there is content in this game you just dont enjoy any of it
and you probably enjoy other games more
thats all
and isnt lost ark a hella grind if you dont swipe
?
like 2 years to get full bis or something
if you swipe to the top of lost ark, you will probably get bored of that hella quick too
i c
yea , your guild is void of community or fun outside of raiding.

Its just more content you are skipping. Ppl didnt play wow exclusively to parse raids 15 years ago. Thats not what the game was designed for
yes
tons of ppl say same things as you hav same takes about game as you
play game in the same way as you
and thats fine
but pretending there is no content in the game,, just because there is not enough content that you ENJOY doing
is clown to me
yep
and my argument is essentially that this new school zoomer community is used to games with more constant seritonin hits
and more stuff to do
could you play candy crush without playing 90% of candy crush tho
pay to skip 50% of candy crush
refuse to play 40%
because its not related to raiding
tons of ppl also autistically  grind mounts, farm ZG etc
just chill online doing heroics or farming gold or w.e
raiding is a big  part of the game but its really not the only part at all
and some ppl want it to be
yea and thats  fine
but complaining that there is  no content when its 15 year old game w tons of content you  arent playing
is clown to me
what your really saying is
I dont like 90% of content
so then dont play it!
or raid log on alts
whater you wanna do man
top speedrun guilds dont run boomy/expose/arms and a single enhance shaman.  Lusts are given to the warlocks over the warrior group. Would your warrior like to raid with 0 support?
also its not true, our bis setup is still 13% hit. We dont have too much hit
In Sunwell possibly
but we can always make sets for being in ele shaman group @sassenagh , its more like the ele shaman does so little dmg he might not be worth it
Your still gonna want 6 shamans in a raid team tho
but if hes trying to fuck you out of your support. Point out that warriors in top guilds also get very little support.
ya whats his name
yea well lets see him argue
in lock disc
little lurker
:p
nah
doubt thats bis at all
youd gem hit instead right @Ghostowl
I dont think running bloodgem is bis
sure you can swap on as nice bandaid
but it doesnt cap you
is it this corre guy who is full bis and getting maximum raid support but cant parse orange?
lel
yea just tell him top guilds dont give warriors support and see how he likes it
farmed by an arms warrior
in full bis gear
krymer
what are you doing
haha
im jk
he should be able to take it if hes gonna dish it
yep
yea well hes full bis and lost to arms warrior
:p
sofonos should get to play fury
he should play arms
what pieces are biggest dps gain in Sunwell?
what would your wishlist look like
if you got full bis this phase
sorry
I mean in Sunwell
edited
like what is actually the most important item?
sliver
sunflare?
T6 off pieces
?
ik
yea
would be good to know tho
yea
its all insane
yea the questions is really what the fattest slots are
sliver is probably up there but
I KNOW HANNU
WHATS THE FATTEST ONE THO
also
share link
failed again
yea hannu doing a no wings set is honestly omega cringe
clearly hannu doesnt understand warlock bis
no wings
actually 0 brain
no wings no brain
no ðŸ•Šï¸  no ðŸ§ 
also if you get ZD, no sunflare bitch
mayb
true
but anyone getting OH + TOC is instantly stronger than you
dont evevn need sunflare
just heart of the pit
nah you dont get sliver because you got zd over others
thats not how that works
but sure
whatver you cope
yea clc whateer you want
but its honestly cringe to take ZD and then take sunflare if another locks sitting on TOC
and yea prioing yourself skull, sliver and ZD is also cringe
I wouldnt have that fly in my LC
and just because your on LC doesnt mean you get to just make all the rules
theres like 4 other ppl
or however many you have
for sure man
all that context matters
nothing is 100%
as a warlock I am cursing you with 0  zdoom drops for the entire monthj
you have been too disrespectful today
unlucky
thats right
P hard to get banned from lock cord
He can come try to argue about ele shams whenever tho and get ripped to shreds for being a dog warrior
Or just keep lurking
Ironic that an arms warrior is talking about ele sham being unoptimal
Kek
Sarthe is retarded hunter simp
He knows realistically all phys items are fury prio and said as much on stream
Well after that list was posted
Im banned lol what happen
Lol why
Mage cord is retarded
Mages dont know their own class. Said arcfire bad in t5. Used by  many top speedrunners.

Said skull good for mages. Proven wrong by their own sims.

Same for zdoom.

They are rolled and smoked at this point.
Said mages top dmg in t5.

Farmed by tvman.

Gg mages even stacking 6 buffs couldnt get you on top
!tvman
Yup
Sword shows enchant zdoom doesnt
Sword looks hella cool
Copium
Its impossible to under cap for every single class without zhardoom
Everyone goes over
so every single class thinks they are omega fucked without zhardoom
because wasting hit is a sin
but in the ends its 13 dps gain for a spriest
so its copium
same w hunters and CVOS
spriests made their entire class obsessed with a 13 dps item
by their shilling
mhmm
ye
but the thing is they would be happy without ZD if spriest disc was honest that it was just 13 dps
instead they spread all this shit saying how important ZD is for them
and that creates stupid expectations for spriest
and now they ragequit guilds if they dont get it
its fine  to give some love to your spriest
but the spriests created this undesirable situation for everyone
because they were greedy
and clueless, no sim
that is optimal for raid dps straight up man
you know, how your guides say that its optimal to give ZD to spriest?
Well we dont actually expect prio on all that
even tho its ACTUALLY optimal
zephs guides dont claim it
they dont say you need this item or bust
like yours do
its not like our figure heads are pushing for dumb prios
yes but mages literally lose dmg on ST with zhardoom
your right tho
theres a case for mage zdoom too
theres no case for spriest zdoom
other than feels
and the thing is
you guys lie about it
straihgt up
in your wowhead guides
its straight up lying
to tons of clueless players
zephan is straight honest
talks about TOC as an option
talks about other classes
yea thats bullshit
you wanna be taken seriously ? dont let some ret paladin spread lies to the masses about your class
you guys havent had correct info ALL of TBC

"Other classes want this, but none gain as much individually from it as Shadow Priests"
Heres Passion on Zhardoom:
"This incredible staff is the Best in Slot option for almost every Caster DPS and everyone will claim it is the best option for them. Shadow Priests absolutely want this weapon, it allows you to reach Spell Haste levels that you can't otherwise, and without it you may have to compensate in other slots for Spell Haste. Besides, unless you're a PvPer, you haven't received a new weapon since Karazhan, you're overdue!"
pretending haste breakpoint exist
when it doesnt
and that you would need more haste gear
if no zdoom
Tako, Linelo, Blow you guys  are all fine lads
and spreists getting zhardoom in average guilds is fine
but lying to everyone about ROAK?
and just allowing that to happen?
Passion was snickering while he cashed that paycheck
"Other classes want this, but none gain as much individually from it as Shadow Priests"

no its not lol
i can open sims right now and prove it
wait so what ring does a warlock have that a spriest doesnt
no we wear 2
almost everyone wears 2
and for everyone the first one is a fat upgrade - 30-40 dps, and for everyone the second is a tiny upgrade
correct.
however, again warlocks have the aoe arguemnt @Tako
its a straight up lie
anyone whos run both sims knows it
yep in P1 my spriests took hit wand and hit cloak for no reason caused dumb drama
in P2 they took T5 for no reason
now in P3 it continues
just figure it out
stop getting pushed around by a ret paladin
yea so say something reasonable like that in your info
not straight lies
im sure you could write a much better guide
but instead you just got passion banning anyone who calls him out
including Bael
omega cringe
your FAQ was fucked too.

Your doc was fucked.

Every piecce of info has been fucked.

@Jujutsu
read that
theres other examples above.
I dont have spriests. We gave first zdoom to spriest. Because we appreciate him. Not because of some lies on a discord.
You dont need lies
he is wrong.
I have run the sims
As much as I shill for min max shit here, in my guild I treat ppl like ppl bro
100%
i have 0 beefs with any of those ppl
but yall letting passion run your show
for no reason
getting paid and shit even
https://tbc.wowhead.com/guides/shadow-priest-dps-bt-hyjal-phase-3-best-in-slot-gear-burning-crusade
like go run the two sims for 10 minutes and oyu will see how fucking wrong all this is
the man dishes ad hominems to ppl on the daily but when given legit criticism on his professional work, he throws a fit and bans.
sure we did we had plenty of good convos
idk about hannu
I learned alot about spriests and brought that here
sounds like an excuse and avoiding the problem
which is that your shadow figurehead is spreading lies
plenty of times we chilled just fine in spriest land
just a couple of bitches got their panties in a bunch
go read what I said when yall banned me
or dont
idc
about being banned
can keep me banned
someone should be dealing with the issue you guys have though
we did troll at times, nothing more heavy than blow does here
idc if you ban or not
what I care about is blatant lying to shill for your greed
from spriest channel yep
theres some other larger paragraph I said
about passion lies
which was the main thing
I think
okay
passion
he doesnt come here much no more
but everytime he has
its been omega cringe
anyways
I dont  care about ban
you are free to make that decision in your own discord
Im just suggesting that you guys get a grip on the info you put out
and be a bit less greedy in your shilling
yea this isnt saying anything bad or flaming or rude
this is just backing up opinions of others
only reason ppl dont like it
is because its me saying it
no we dont stoop to their level man
we dont need to
mages havve actually taken over the Wowhead  guide going forward because of how wrong it was this phase
foolipe is new writer
Wowhead is paying ppl based on their authoritative positions in these class discords @Tako
so you guys allow passion to pose  as an authority on these matters
and control the info in the discord
(hence banning any naysayers))
like it or not, alot of ppl use wowhead
and as the leaders of the class on discord, you are somewhat responsible for what passion is writing
because his authority comes from his position on that discord
sure
I dont think your a horrible person
or doing something majorly wrong
but it would be a good thingn to do is clean up the mess
i was removed for calling out passion and making him mad
you can say that was the straw that broke the camels back
its still ultimately the final reason
I didnt say anything rude to anyone
didnt personally attack them
as passion did to me
didnt break ANY discord rules
I dont care about the ban tho
I care abuot the lies
0 warnings were given just ban
but you mod me out if you want to idc
fo sho
I agree.
hannu did more straight baits, but that is hannus shtick
I did more actually engaging with ppl and riling them up
hannu just does that thats his humor
says ridiculous thing on discord
gets ppl going
for sure zephan. but the class discord ppl now are saying "we have no responsibility for whats on wowhead, thats a meme". When its being more and more used as a good place for info.
sure
but when you say "this ring is better for spriests than other classes"
then you are lying to those LCs
and causing problems
and making a dumb mess
just be more like zephan dont comment on where loot should go or how much better it is for your class than others
just be honest about how good each piece is etc
thats such a copout man
I agree.
spriests and mages are the odd ones out
foolipe can probably fix mages
whos gonna fix spriests
not fucking passion
barely plays the class at this point
ok how much you play game isnt a great qualifier
more like how much of an immature shilling liar you are
and whether you are fit to be authority on class
passion literally gives personal attacks to ppl when hes called out, this leads to a more aggressive argument than necessary
guarantee he breaks the discord rules on the regular @Tako
I dont thiink I broke any rules the whole time I was there
" This ring drops from Trash, which means it can potentially be farmed. Other classes want this, but none gain as much individually from it as Shadow Priests. "
YES
its in the guide
we having good convo go deal w your mage discord mess
sure sure
dam I cant see
wtf spill the beans
are we cancelling zephan next
actually?
mage frost really?
thats kinda cool
what kinda dps gains you see
for frost?
in what kinda gear?
well if your shilling to take 10 pieces of gear for 20 dps or some shit
then yea
you deserve to hear the counter argument
god zephan you are so fucking hot
are you mod in mage disc land
it would be nice if I could read the channels but post nothing
so I can at least understand the TC
â¤ï¸
fuk
well boomy will keep using the skull
In ZA  isnt skull just 10  dps gain for mage?
thats what I get when I sim
and then dead in P5?
unless  you swap frost or something
What you need to understand is hannu just gives hilarious takes for his own amusement
hes like a comedian
dont think too hard about it
when I sim mage, I often  get TOC setups ahead of zhardoom too foolipe
and yea 40 dps from skull this phase for amge
10 dps next phase
on ST
zephan tricks guide that says tricks to warlocks
?? whats the diff between skull and ashtongue on AOE?
what is diff between skull and ashtongue for aoe
why do you need to combo skull and zhardoom for either to be good
as I understood skull would be very small dps gain ffor aoe
you dont need skull for hit on aoe
yes but its not a great argument tbh
it does make sense and is how I understand it
but taking skull "so you can use zdoom for aoe"
is kinda fucked man
when your wasting the skull.
yep  I get it but in reality both items are small for you and the combo allows you to gain 55 haste from zdoom on aoe essentially
thats it
in the future with more haste on gear you will just haste cap every time you press veins
w skull + zd
and waste them
a mage could get the same effect as ZD on aoe by crafting some haste shoulders and stuff
!aoecap
!hastecap
with power infusion = 394 spell haste rating 
This is same as veins
394 to cap your aoe
you can get that zdoom haste with other less contested pieces tho
and still hit same amount of haste when aoeing
and will run into haste cap issues with it down the road, and hit issues, and then in sunwell you will all be shilling for a new weapon upgrade
same for us.
and skull doesnt fall off for us in later phases
i know
no worries
just making that clear
my argument is hastecap will be hit in aoe without either item (skull or zd)
and so it really isnt that big long term
its obsessing over full bis for a given phase
which isnt realistic for anyone to do
well yes this is a  luxury only mages get to enjoy
and want to keep enjoying
every phase
no worries
seems like we are on the same page then
how many items from sunwell would you want to consider swapping off arcane?
roughly
for frost/fire?
okay nvm then
what is the use case for frost then
or fire
so cutting support?
yep
sounds cool
lemme know if you guys find more info
yea thats big actually
unless you drip in hit in sunwell anyway
is there a use case for magisters staff @Foolipe
or dead item?
maybe  for fire no ele cringe
that wouldnt be good
k
when you denounce fire
have you considered the possibility of locks playing fire at all
i actually havent done any sims on it for P5
yea

quick sim for P 5 bis
what is so bad about fire in Sunwelll exactly?
@Hannu tell me what I did  wrong

I threw it together
i just swap to flame cap, swap to imp sac, swap to immo + incin, swap the enchant

completly possible I fucked something up

just tossed together
upped to 80
i get
3553 for shadow
wait 3566 shadow
almost exactly the same for fire
yep
at least given all these assumptions
yea
UNLESS
you cut spriest
kekw
just run fire mages and warlocks
probably cooked tho
jpaint bro tell  us why fire bis
hildi sim doesnt calc ISB for X warlocks
have to do manually  w jpaint sim
and set
i duno
ok well if you use 75
you get small win for fire
if you use 80
dead even
either way, the conclusion gonna be you need ISB for your spriest
unless
you cut the spriest XD
@jpaint can you remove inculove role
so my new role shine bright
woah
that happened quick
k im high
@jpaint how was affliction
got 0 pms during jpaint raid
think we was focused on affli rotation
@jpaint happy birthday
i think its cringe that I dont get a skull next to my name
and dumb axe instead
pls fix
ðŸ’€ ðŸ’€ðŸ’€
when  I was inculove, it did
now im skull
and axe again
pls fix
fixpls
can you pop that same time as skull
hannu 85 ISB really
you cappin
if we want fire
we need dragonling
yea
jw if you can

you cant
jpaint birthday so close to valentines
I hope he laid some pipe
and not in minecraft
lmao
and birthday/valentines? hows that going
you got  any cute boys coming over
actually dont tell me
i dun wanna know


lol
rank 9 but
8 supremus dam no 7
oof bro the overall
streak broken
you need something to relieve your stress for birthday/valentines
so you can focus again
on being best gamer NA
!jpaint
affli has better seeds tho
you know this
uh
mayb tru
yea
true
affli cant sac felpet
hard nerfed  in hyjal
pimjib got owned on bosses looks like
needs practice
sorry, pizpad
never forget pizpad
bis name
yea hes cringe parser
your here great, can you pls fix roles so my skull shines brightly not a dumb axe
inculove showed incubus
skull should show skull
ðŸ’€  pls
no we are admiring jpaint rank 9 affliction
if you want purple just use the !wendys command
tfw you give spoar massive hint to find purple
and hes too dumb
he can TAS teron gorefiend gold parse
cringe why
ill block you too bitch
lmao your time to shine
you playing mage?
you dont want red gems for FSW
just replace w pen  anyway
real question is does blow have second FSW boots
same got way better parse than before
and on 5:30 fight too
i mean they are giving zd to a sp
so yes
mayb your being karmaed
I bet you kick passion and  you insta get  zhardoom
the others in my raid cut all their sres for parse chase
I felt bad doing the same
just memin
ill cut sres next week im on doom assign
i also one shot myself on ROS, .... hit 20k on deaden
shouldnt havev bloodfuried
64 hp overkill
that isnt shadow dmg right
cant be shadow warded?
i didnt doom
i did 20k w a bolt
17k > 20 K back to back
overkilled by 64 hp
yea I got 8k of healing while being bloodfury so
our healers were chadding
I trolled them w blood fury
yes
i know thank you
that said 64 more HP of healing and I was in it
and you dont crit for 20k without bloodfury
tbh Im shilling doom
for p2
fuck it bros
just get more heals
cringe
yo the ppl on WCL disc unironically asked for them to normalize deaden
since their try hard guild doesnt run prot warr
you would merely need to not bollt when doom ticks
you could tap possibly
or just stagger it
sure
yep cause you run cringe comp for parse chasing  right
unlucky
indeed brotha man
or mayb you just supposed to make your fury tank it in ~~cringe ~~ tryhardcomp
who knows
just taunt spell reflect
this seems like some thing hannu  would shill
imma guess cant be taunted
lel so your warriors are all noobs that arent taunting
yep
he has to put on shield
he "loses" dmg
yea
its on DBM xelrog
you know its coming a mile away
sure you could but its way bigger dps loss for arms to take their 2h off
than a warrior to put a shielld on
OH swap doesnt take your swing timer
thats cringe take imo
thats fury simping take
you play feral druid bro
feral druid is just a 2h warr that does no dmg
they can do  that too yes
but shaggy  probably doesnt do that
because not a  good gamer
too busy farming kiss for trash swap out
to do fight properly
yea yea
priorities right
zzzzz
use zanza to blast boss
his dps would go up not down
but yea zanza might be better
yea thats what the fury wouldl say but really they are just too brain dead to play well
yall probably force your arms to kick too
while simping fury
zanza for deaden
or taunt spell reflect
we both dont take it
ðŸ™‚
tbh the MT can do his own fucking demo and if they cant they are fucking llying
but if not it should be fury 100%
and if you argue
you dont understand the class
fury loses NOTHING keeping demo up
arms loses buttloads
look you guys did lockcord raid right ?

Where stabille held aggro and didnt even have fucking sunders?
bears can do their own fucking demo
trust me
anything else is bullshit
Massive dps gain for your raid
Double raid DPS w one taunt
Ye sure
Prot pala just zanza
No reason to taunt
Yes
Its never 20s off dbm xelrog
Its like 5 s
K
my tank takes ~1400 dtps
in that phase
reflecting deaden
i think a fury can live that
yes but healers get full mana each phase
they shoulld be dumping so hard
in that phase
like just going all out
yawn ok im still p sure a fury can tank 1400 dtps
even 2000 dtps
for 20 sec
to reflect
the thing is you will realis how much of a dumb zug your furies actually are
they will forget, fuck their shield macro, not even have reflect bound
idk if guils are ready to realise
that their poster boy
is dogshit
yea some are good gamers
lots of bad ones tho
that ppl think are good
playing fury isnt actually that hard
id say so yes
because not as much penalty for death
debatable tho
you have a few more buttons
but its not like pressing sweeping on cleave is hard
playing rampage fury is harder for sure
but ppl in speedruns even dont bother because they are too shit for it to be a gain
even tho its clearly better in speedrun
he gets periodiccally hit w blessing of spell warding which is basically magic bop
and that knocks all debuffs off
and forces you to cancel your cast
and swap
to either the aura target anyways
or another undebufffed target
the other mobs will also not have JOW, seal of the crusader, other melee debuffs
yes.
its not range, its abusing the caster AI that doesnt cast when moving
it will cast a few times still
well if you combine that strat w 3 cleave
because w 3 cleave you will get like most flamestrikes on thte raid
i mean it does tho
what you 2 cleave right now right
who tanks the third mob
who kicks that mob
you can argue about how much of a gain it is but its definitely an uptime gain for melee
and casters really
like halving the amount of  casts / minute is gonna give you good uptime gains
esp when sending reck and shit
also just reduces the RNG
no
think we got p good RNG tbh but all our melee died
i cant remember what happened
too high at that point
probably they ripped rogue and got  clappered
you wanna post your logs 1 kite 1 no kite
and compare a bit
how many casts happened
it may  be possible to 4 cleave with some shenanigans
which would make it obsolete
but would also make pen gear uber bis
o right
you literally cant 4 cleave hey
I mean you can with a bad chain for sure
some times its like consec, and you move it right into a blizz
but yea a good tank can probably do a good job
k
hunter pets too
you gotta give it a good yank
and you CAN yank it right  into blizz
even if you have eyes
consec > yank > blizzard cast
in your own  raid stabile

here is your warriors running out
during lust
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/VhfNkFztDJAxXPTv#fight=44&view=replay


soulwell popped cloak
warriors are in zerker w cds popped
anyways point is
you can lose uptime to blizz/fs
actually if you watch replay every melee ran out a bit
anyways
its RNG honestly
but your gonna get worse RNG if you try three cleaving which is where the fight is going I think
i mean both posted logs are lower
not by 50%
but 25-50%
whether  that dps gain is worth the mage's loss
couldnt tell yea
skull POV

@Lemon Villain
i mean
melee in general esp warrior
is way more  fun than warlock tbh
ppl who play warlock only prob dont even realise how silly their gameplay is
well tbh
checcked the top speed council
3:30 ish
and its  no kite
currently
but theres RNG involved
wait that was p3.5
fastest is china hunter stack 3:15
AND YES ITS A KITE
haha diff pc
second best  is 3:29
and no kite
but its kinda monka cause its cringe hunter stacck doing 3:15
and no 3 cleavers so far
what  you want to see is a melee  stack 3 cleave
thats where your gonna mitigate alot doing the kite
@Linelo  said they were gonna do it
Iirc
is skull good in pvp
nvm
@jpaint get off your phone its your birthday
as a bad pvper i think i will use it as  SLSL in 5s to multi dot mindlessly
or is UA just considere d  the better 5s spec?
interesting thing I found:
my  friend warlock dooming  w no pen
me dooming w pen gear on

look how fat that mitigation is
thats not a part of Louki's analysis, he assumes you get a full doom off on the mage, when you normallly just doom gathios so it doesnt get knocked off
i did more than double his doom dmg
Ppl say it doesnt
Havent personally test
arms  slam min maxing is fun too
until its not
as you said
actually what happens is he drops threat when he phases into demon, and then you do a shit ton of dmg  to him and everyone is really high threat.

When you normally push into P5, the tank has a bunch  of threat and it doesnt drop.

Threat drops when he swaps from human to demon and back, but not on the P5 transition.
so you are pusing demon, dropping threat,, and then smashing him with a buncha dmg whille he doesnt hit the tank
he doesnt drop threat when he transitions to  Phase 5 , period.
he doesnt drop threat either way xelrog..... when you push him to 30% in human he does not drop threat at all
your tank just already has him
the only thing that drops threat is transitioning demon>human and human > demon
your talking about the strat where you push to 30% while he swaps to demon right
yea and then you blast him?
while hes kneeling?
what is your goal of  doing that ?
gotcha
its just you pushed him in demon
instead of waiting for human again
correct?
yep so he doesnt drop threat either way
but in this phase your ranged dps are the top thret
and so when he transitions at 30%
you have a buncha casters on top
because melee dont get to participate in this phase
demon into human? are you pushing him in demon?
or right when hes turning human?
yes
yes he doesnt drop threat there
i see
my understanding of this fight is a bit diff but I belieev makes more sense
30% transition = no threat drop
period.
transition from demon tto human and back that isnt a 30% transition? alwys  threat drop
so the way I see what you are doing is pushing 30% in demon, he will have same threat table as before 30% after the RP
but you see it as him transforming human
and that it being a bug that he doesnt drop threat there or a special case
anyways w.e
tfw the most prominent haters of spriests in lockcord are.....priests?
I just hate passion
its aids but also not that bad really
even w awful tanks, you have no threat during fel rage and can pump
theres worse fights to haev shit tank on
so you instruct your healers that they get full mana and every phase and to dump their dicks out
you instruct your ranged not to bloodfury
and your fine
I hit a 17k bolt, into a 20k bolt and died , overkill by 64 hp @Shaggydaggy , but I popped bloodfury, I got 8k heals through bloodfury and woulda been way fine if I didnt bloodfury
your casters in better guilds and bettter healers than mine will be fine
as long as they dont blood fury
we are also using a rogue to do mind numbing so lock can doom next week
whaaat
dam
fuck em tho
HM
that 3v3 tourney was entertaining
the warrior who killed 2 w whirlwind while he died
no he will find some bug that actualy increases our dmg
and get that ffix instead
its not worth
just let them live in hunter land where they sim at 4k dps over 5 minutes
monka
your gbank should have reds
and noone uses the shit reds
anymore
why are you
hmm
are you basically just saying if you have good positioning UA is good
why does having shitty mechanics make UA better?
because you just spam UA around mindlessly?
okay
I feel like I dont play nearly at your level and our comp isnt anything try hard
but yea we get rolled every time against warriors
we had like feral/rogue/disc/resto sham/me
can try to bait warrior into bad things
yea thats what I was playing it was alot of fun honestly we did p well
is UA more for 4 dps comps?
or warrior MS I guess
yea I used to play UA with SP back in wrath
i remember the vods of the warlock tank in vanilla
who did zg
and his HP would rubber band so hard and his pet took so much healing
and if his pet died it was a wipe
lol wtf
what did we gain tho
just resil?
yea i mean 3% reduc is huge
thats like more than half of max reduc
you aim 5.6% right as tank
so yea just 2.6% from gear
but your still gonna get slapped like a motherfucker
crushed to death
lol
Did you know the warrior talent Enrage works through resilience? And because of the way it is coded, you can go over crit cap as much as you want and have greater chance to Enrage?
yet prot warriors still dont spec this ever and take fucking deep wounds
yes,
basically chance to enrage = your reduction from resil
+ your chance to be crit
because ppl were mad in pvp
that their talents didnt work
that too ^
it has worked always
you just have to be leet
the batch window still exists
its just tiny
yes
it worked always in the same batch
but basically you need to
sit> stand > get hit  in one batch
not just sit
you need to sit and stand in same batch
10 i thought yea
haha
yea its basically impossible now
but it was totally feasible before batch window nerf
and noone did it
casuls
same
because i was obsessed w it on pserver lol
/sit was part o my rotation lol
it would proc on mechanics too
so like as a dps warrior
i could /sit and get hit by something and go ham
like sartura WW
for example
this doesnt work in PVP?
Because I looked up pvp spec and it told me to take 4 points in that?
bis bro
you just stoneshield it
excuse me its called chain heal efficiency I wouldnt expect a priest to understand
i never go to any healer thread in class discords ever
but shaman disc is cringe so
I believe you
Enrage > Mighty Rage  - you get free rage from standing in WW duh
yea
true
why not both
o ye i remember you prepop the stoneshield a minute before pull
and then the boss  lasts ~~less than a minute~~ just over a minute
so you get both
or something
am i cooked
thats not right but some thing like that
yea yea you have stoneshield for the scary part and then mighty rage for the execute or some shit
i just remember prepopping stoneshield on the trash and having an aneurysm if we didnt pull when I wanted them to
sigh
I honestly just dont care if I make myself look like an idiot on class disc like some ppl do who are scared to even type
because if I say something wrong ,  90%  of the time you get the best info
EG: I could go to warrior disc and ask a question about how good glaives is
They would all just spam sim it react and tell me to fuck off

OR

I could go to warrior disc and say : "Glaives are better for rogues I heard because the warrior has better alternates in sunwell"
And instantly I will get in depth explanation of why glaives are good for warrior
pretty much
lol
no they dont have weapons that beat glaives
but their second bis is better than rogue second bis
in sunwell
is the argument
at least
or I could say that glaive OH is dead item and sits in warriors bags until he gets MH but its big upgrade for rogue
and get banned from fight club
o wait that happened
yes its not any reason to make any kind of loot decision
but it gets ppl boiled
hmm
i believe you
but it means we have bad info
!pvp
if you click this in #tbc-resources
this is @Zephan SL SL build:
which is actually putting extra points in suppression
but  the one  pinned in pvp channel is :

and I was  surprised we took suppression over fel conc when I specced it
rogues are climbing up they have super good scaling this tier, I feel like IEA is worth in 2 feral warrior stack comps
I read that the last point isn't worth somewhere...
like its instant enough
just dont get kicked retard
tru
idk pet is very strong and oom pet is a massive L
and SL SL has longer fights ?
yea idk really
ya good pvpers probably dispell alot more than me
you say that but progress ran fire locks just ffor boss dps
they didnt have boomy in speedrun
they clarified that they ran boomy for world first for the extra bres
this is best arms warrior trash dps

rogue
their debuff is similar
expose gets strong the more arpen the raid has

boss dmg is not bad
rogue gains like 600+ dps this phase
idk I wont die on this hill
but I think rogues are underrated
its too late at night for bait man
does feral do good dmg in P 5 pvp or something
just be a glaive rogue noob
tbh destro pots are a trap I think
I think I use them way too much man
mana pots are better almost always
well like I thought hey fight short use destro
but then I go oom because theres no movement or mechanics in so many fights
and I use dark rune
destro > mana is decent middle ground but still not enough
lool
ye and I do that
but I think its trap
at least in my raid
double mana seems better in alot of the fights
I got sloppy smashing my destro + trinket cqs macro instead of my non destro one
meh like all the fights in hyjal you just sit and slap boss, naj you dont really get free taps bc tap in shield is grief, supremus sure, teron no, bloodboil yea free taps, ROS yea free taps, mother no, council depends, illlidan yea
you get some, you also could just be moving when you dont want to tap, or needing to tap when you dont want to move....
i do yes
but I got some good rng on that  fight and dumped my bar
yea probably destro good for council tho
should I bowweave w my skull on monday
sounds like a pita i gotta make 2 macros
so bowiz+skull+ quags = 675 haste  sheesh
and then you destro pot
42% haste
@Mayhem
whats the haste breakpoint for bowweaving
Id be boweaving here and now with the most amazing results youve ever seen but it only really shines if you hit the haste breakpoint of <1.5s casts during lust which you achieve either by having skull or 3 pieces of haste gear (eg bracers, ring and belt) and I check neither of those boxes right now
skull active  isnt <1.5s casts tho
monka
ehhhh
not if that int gets you 1 more cast
because you had to tap
and I tried int this week on head/bowiz, and it honestly  was barely enough to not tap on ghoul pack
and  use a destro pot
and it actually seems good
like the amount 22 SP acctually adds to a under cap cast is very very low compared to one extra seed
so its fucky
head ench

its 16 int
and this
which i have to change if I bowweave fuk
so in total you gaining 46*1.1 int so like 50 int
which is actually significant
and I was very very very doubtful
but I tried it and it feels better
it feels like I actually barely hit the breakpoint
often
where I dont have to tap barely
but I think that aoe sims should be smarter - and simulate mobs actually dying
so that you can gauge value of over - and under cap situations
like you get mayb 2 under cap seeds in hyjal per wave?
mayb 3?
yea I wouldnt assumin hit totem on trash
esp in hyjal
you magma
i thought this too but how do you get them all in combat
do you run up or something
send pet deep?
then bless spam
So pet doesnt die?
so what he runs over there early?
and eyes of beast or just sends it
and then pala prob buffs the hunter and enters combat too
and spam blessing around the corner
show enchant
i dont have nimble thought shoulders so outplayed
yea this aspect deserves a bit more exploration
but being able to 100% seed and use a  destro pot is quite strong
it depends on your raid and your aoe dps
are you sure you dont  oom
check your taps
on log
yes I agree w the general premise  but the impact  of undercapped periods and  Spellpower's benefit is generally unexplored
and ppl just have 1 sided thoughts on them
like a seed that hits 3 mobs gains like what 20 dmg with 22 SP, or that int COULD be a full extra seed, and crit on the entire pull.
its not super cut and dry how good SP is on hyjal pulls
hard  to say
so int enchant your helm
seed is like 25% SP  scaling or what again?
okay so 22 SP is 4.7 dmg per mob on undercapped seeding
so a max of say 30 dmg per seed
so if you even did like 6 undercapped seeds, your talking 180 dmg
one more seed cast
destroys that
never mind the crit
BUT
life tap scales of spellpower right
so when this was last simmed if you tapped sp was actually just better
but if you BARELY dont tap, and get an extra seed off, its HUGE
if that happens even once like every 3 waves thats probably worth
1% is also 15.8 haste rating
2 gems
after discussing here, I looked my logs, and saw I actually did 1 tap on almost every pull in alli
and then I tried int, no tap
depends on your raid  but
I think its working
I will destro pot these pulls now
ran  out last time
tru
but if you 1 tap > sapper .... its better than a extra seed isnt it
so its a reverse breakpoint?
in theory yea, in practice I go too close get pushback from abom and cry
420
you  optimized it to an int enchant
but no sappers?
sheeesh
i see so you lack that stat
jk
imagine WCL banning MC buff in logs and letting spriests have fun
cringe man
14% uptime
so silence neck is
20% reduc in silence
so you gain 2.8% uptime?
yea i think its trap
that fight is just dogshit
one RNG resist and you blow the neck outta the water
ok its actually 2.8%
so silence neck = 2.8% haste?
= 44 haste rating
= not better than my current neck
o  yea it do
36 SP for  moro one
so its like mayb barely worth actually super close
like literally
same stat weight  as sun king
more dmg = faster kill = less casts
yea
nvm not same stat weight its poggers
kinda
but if you resist a single silence
its shit
and so all parses will just all be resist RNG
and sres isnt good enough to use
stupid fiught
my mage on azgalor?


wtf
you can ice block it
and you can snap blocck right?
mages are so dumb dude
eh no spider man here
as soon  as you get a haste item arent you not wanting to veins during lust anyways
so why you gotta snap
2:20
why is it worse?
just veins snap veins outside lust?
i see
well you can probably concede that on this fight its worth to snap late
dodgin an extra silence is huge
yea i feel like your not getting it either way unless you stall
and if you stall you can get anyway
pen works
actually
the mages are very slow
the top mage is using pen
on the fight

good ol azyx
p3
and higher than 3.5 by 400 dps
so is number 2

pen is legit just better than swapping jeremiah
see louki math
4% loss upper bound assuming no debuff loss no lost casts
at a minimum you dont have JoW / seal of crusader on boss
warlocks get fucked on a 2.5s cast when the bop goes on the mage
so locks get fucked more
in a number of ways
weaving too
but you cant deny the top results
azyx uses pen tho
and hes best mage
you could be better than foji w spen
your council dmg is holding you back tbh
isnt 980 item level super high
like your omega cringe or something right
o yes i know
hes blocked
bbut im reading his posts today
at this point
its a bit of a meme
hunters pump on the bosses
we get a big dps gain w gear but im not  sure we catch them
p sure we beat mages on ST tho
mayb not on overalls
the fights are short and the hunters are dirty on them
but we really get a massive gain
I simmed ~600 dps gain for locks from t5 bis to t6 bis
single target
which is more than glaive melee
its like 150 s on average?
barely sub 2 is decent for locks
lol
meh fury double lust is meh on sub 3 minute
eh no
not at all
thats ok tho  krymer
warriors are good without wbuffs in classic
is that even worth immolating for
i did it but
meh
i dont think its worth to incin them is it
yes but you have succ sacced
none of the top parses swap
i dont think  its  worth to incin ever
but immolate mayb
weakaura
what i dont get about mayhems boweaving shtick is
what is the significance of  a 1.5s bolt breakpoint
you get 10 bolts in a destro pot?
Bowiz is 6 sec
1 more bolt is snapshotted i guess
Thats the breakpoint but only if the procs align
Basically makes bowiz last 7.4 s
Idk seems like dumb fake breakpoints again
Yep
Big ifs
Yep yep
Lol
Well if you get one more bolt snapshotted it extends bowiz uptime
You will but you need quags to line w bowiz
Loool
Yea more haste items sure
Yea your like double tapping in lust
Ok sure
Pog lol
Lol imma rip so hard if i weave
1.4s bolt
Sheesh
I just put int enchant on bowiz too
Second bowiz?
Well machine gun bolt sounds fun no
LOL
Imagine instead of arcane stack maulgar just 20 1s bolters
Boss dies in 2 s
Lol
I just wanna go fast
Wait but am i the shitposter
Or just troll
Drums+skull doesnt put you at 1.5s bolt in lust tho
14% haste on a lusted bolt(1.9s) isnt giving you 1.5
It can get close and hes affli so amping
Meh i did affli and 99 ez
Ele
Didnt even bind amp
Seed middle get lust
I think 3b trolling
Am i bad at math isnt 225 haste from skull drums not enough to get 1.5s bolt in lust
225 haste is like 14% haste
30% mod on lust mean 1.92s bolt
Thats not a 1.5 bolt
You need some haste gear too
God dammit mayhem
https://tenor.com/view/elijah-wood-secrets-lord-of-the-rings-frodo-keep-your-secrets-gif-12359167
You actually only gear pen
Nothing else
Yea unlucky
That could just be a haste breakpoint on your fight len
I really dont think you hit 1.5 bolt w drums skull lust
Bowiz
Its just math
And cqs penalty
I think bowweaving concept is fine
You dont get 1.5s bolt w drums skull bowiz lust tho
Yes quags is needed by my and loukis math to get 1.5
But mayhem thinks diff and blocked me rip
No energy to argue with idiot
He was here earlier saying pen is retarded and then pointed out top 2 mages using pen and he dodged
Im p sure lust is multiplicative and not exactly additive w haste%
Too tired tho
That doesn't add up
Is bowiz op
Yea
Snapshots
2.5
But remember 100% haste means your cast time is halved
Not insta cast
Ppl always fck this up
To get 1.25 bolt youd need 100% haste
Haste makes you cast faster its not a cast time reduction
Ok math looks right
Guess im tired
Yea
I support you mayhem
But i also wanna see you wear bowiz a whole fight and get no proc
So many shit afflis in shit specs your imp could be on passive
You just press bolt and dots and dece kill time free 99
No
Hes talking about running a cqs macro
Yea seems irrelevant to me
That too
I think you can just equip in tap gcd its fine
Wheres the cqs
Having to tap in lust as you gain haste may be problematic?
Ye
!hastecap
>The combination of  Hex Shrunken Head +  Ashtongue Talisman of Insight is also nearly as good as  The Skull of Gul'dan +  Ashtongue Talisman of Insight and in phase 5  Shifting Naaru Sliver is going to be the go-to
I thought they used skull + SCB or HSH + SCB from my sims @Zephan
i only simmmed 3 min so
ok
god i love this guide
pls post mage salt from magecord all day
well the comments are all mage salt
yea but they are malding about things mage discord argues about like "frost being better than fire"
so some of these comments are defs magecord ppl
there was a need for an article for the good of the locks
some ppl are shameless about skull
dam zephan but the last point in excel instead of word
what a chad
@Jujutsu but when I simmed ashtongue it was way worse than SCB single target, isnt the comparison SCB + HSH or HSH + SKull
not ashtongue HSH
vvs Skull HSH
I see
No HSH here
nah because you guys didnt do Icon+skull but yes
I can do that
wait nvm
meh id only do icon if I think my quags proc will be waste
gotta do quag skull so you can bowweave for <1.5s bolts ofc
@Xelrog so cute

yes
ðŸ™‚
Like as someone who does LC, I go to each discord  to find info about how to prio items or not
And if you go spriest disc
its a fucking nightmare
one FAQ says one thing, link to old shit guides on wowhead, another faq link zeds sheet
its like 5 different wrong infos
linked in different spots
so you start asking questions in spriest disc because  none of the pinned info lines up
and you get ppl spamming 146 is irrelevant meme
but they seem to use 146 irrelevant as a reason they SHOULD get haste gear
and its very confusing
so ultimately you just get sick of spriests pretending they explain to you while low key shilling loot prio for themsleves
you crack open sim
you see that every piece of gear is dogshit for spriest
end of story
but you think most guild leaders crack your sim open?
yea 1 ring is good
second ring is meh
LOL
yea id wager over 80% of spriests have some massive misconception in their gearing
that is caused by the spriest discord either directly or indirectly through wowhead
omega cringe
meh
he thinks 146 exists
he didnt put in work bro
glaives is ample reward for work
cvos is shameless
guess who cried the most about loot in our guild
the fucking Ele* shaman
srry no ele shaman
he was very very upset that he wasnt getting straight handed his tier gear ffirst
hes already the first 4 pce in the guild
he made these crackpot claims that he was underlooted because "top parsing ele shamans ran 4 pce Tier 5 and he never got it",  knowing full well vast majority of eles run 2pc T4. Knowing full well he cried about getting 2 Pce T4 under the pretense that it was his bis in T5.
i was very mad tbh
he tried to make it out like we screwed him over
when I got looted a warlock  tier
he whispered other officers
upset
before he had even gotten denied a tier
he got  first helm
and first something else
and first 4 pcce in guild
but he got pre mad about it
and made an ass of himself
mayhem is highrolling god

nice parse mayheam
but god dam
xelrog ,  bael  and mayhem all german  very sus tbh
Alot of egalitarian disc joiners
Gl @Louki
rogues  are the best class in T6

they ccount
sounds racist
they count just as much as any other cheese logs
!tvman
china logs count
while NA only half or three quarter commits
doesnt make it not count
who the fuck are you
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
100%
china has also shown they are ahead of the curve in many ways with things such as spell pen on council
they are better
they are smarter
and they try harder
china isnt communist
again thats bullshit china was number 1 speedrun in naxx
and has been competitive in TBC
keep your racist shit to your self
yes and WCL is very very good about not letting butchered logs take number 1 spots
these logs are legit

china

china

china


just  give credit where credit is due
china = cheating narrative is bullshit
just closeted incel racism
yep its  not like other guilds didnt split for loot or do exact same strats as china
they just did it better
yea sometimes
EU guilds have done that too
noone talks about that tho
post highlights PLEASE
chad move tbh
rogues have the largest ST dps gain of any class in T6
as I have been saying for some time now
o yes they are
EU in retail is omega log cheesing
the difference is that the "good" guilds just prog and dont parse in retail
here in classic a bit more mixed bag
what
you dont see Limit doing parse runs
they prog and then split for loot til next tier
yea thats just incidentally getting a good parse tho
we are talking about going out of your way to parse
ya sure I get what you are saying gremmer
but I think your kinda missing the  intent of the convo
to make some nit piccky point
haha
@Bael pls sir a little mage discord salt with my tea
nope
which mage tho
which mage said tap rotation is a thing
guarantee its redacted cause its actually a name we will recognize
i bet if you go mage disc
you can tell who wrote it
just study how they type
he has unique way of typing
only during tap rotation
o hell ya
@Wrdlbrmpft â¤ï¸
zephan  delivered skull guide from the mountains with love
https://tenor.com/view/thriller-michael-jackson-eating-popcorn-watching-gif-5577709
the irony is these are all more valid arguments for mages not to get skull than lust
Life tap rotation ? Mages actually have haste issues causing them to OOM not us
Wanting  TOC+OH over  Zdoom? Thats a mage thing bro
what does this even mean
yea but mage doesnt use skull for aoe bro
they ovvercap
skull only used when veins is on CD
so why is he talking about AOE dps
yep
thats my point
its full on projecting all the mage problems
onto warlocks
and other classes
life tap rotation
aoe efficacy
TOC OH being better
yes, and mages get far more  out of TOC OH this phase as well
I been waiting for mage skull salt since fucking P1 arguing w chaotic and him coping about it
god best timeline
fire locks in speedruns
skull prio
GCD fix
100%
yep yep
anus can be based at times
but he gets a lil wild
his argumenting here  is intellectually dishonest and he knows it
hes trolling cause salt yes
no idea
even if we wanted TOC for p4
wouldnt change skull
lost wordle for first time gg
ive posted
just dont always post
Thats one of the most cool-headed and proper articles on loot prio on wowhead. Even with bugged talisman for mages, when its get fixed, they have a lot more options for trinket than spriest and warlock with boomie. As always loot should go based on how useful to the raid it is as a whole and a reward for people that commit to the guild. If you're in the guild that will give skull to whatever class just because its "that class" and not the grey-parsing player, then you should pick better guild, not class
this guy owns
talisman fixed or not is irrelevant
mages have SCB and haste cap problem
its confirmed not working as expected
I heard they have some old evidence of bug too
not sure
I heard quags had same issue
idk
who cares
anyone will win w 3 lusts mate
and 4 pce
nice raid tho mayhem
unfortunately a chinese spell penner already beat that council

with 2 lusts only
you 100% would have had number 1 if you ran spen and 3 lusts

unlucky
3 lust meme aside mayhem pumped this raid cheers
WTB 4 pce
if mayhem wants to run 4 lusts I support it
we need more selfish warlocks
yup
you swap the boomy out bro
what the fuck
what does that matter
if he doesnt want to  oom
then dont lust him
qt
holy fuuuck
anus isnt that dumb  honestly. He knows its better for lock deep down hes just being a shitty troll because copium
yea he will troll either side
but thing is hes a mod and icy veins writer
monka
prolly
me neither
but he knows enough to know that life tap rotation  is a troll argument
the best timeline ie the mages turning on each other in their deranged attempts to liecraft for loot prios
only spriests are good  at liecrafting
you gotta plant seeds before TBC even starts
and nurture them

kinda sad
they forced zephan to write it
kelman had a gun to  zephs head
he had almost finished the article saying mages get prio for kelman, then he splashed his coffee in kelman's face, stole kelman's gun and capped him two dead between the eyes. He stole kelman's identity and altered the article to give locks prio. Forever changing the timeline. GG

literally the man who is crying and stirring the shit is the same man who wrote this:
It is your decision to decide whether you want to go for the three most-contested caster items in Phase 3 / Tier 6, or if you are happy with the slightly worse but much easier to get alternatives.
he knows
hes being a little shit
needs attn or something
who do you think is oldest person on lockcord
I think Dive
Dive like 800 years old
On vanilla private I had a hunter named fletching that was legit 65 and I loved him
weebs are fine anime ban is lifted
yea mayb if you  put  a birthday hat on instead of santa hat
wed remember
much older actually
29
Gasgas shattenblitz too strong
How to get 99 : crit for 11k w 4pce funnel
Whats your post
Im banned
Mayhem is over 30 100%
so roughyl 50% reduction in casts from kite strat
how old were you when you first  raided TBC
only if you subscribe to the idea that swapping is better than pen, which is only true if you high roll mage bops
so sure for high rolling
but on average pen is still better
i getchu
you think mage dps on caster is worth more than the movement reduction of the raid
which is a reasonable take
at least at this time
ye
ye
@Hannu
what
the fuck
bruh your playing a mage?!
hannu is top speedrunning mage
mayhem is top parse chasing warlock
making tv man blush
man feeling like absolute shit
odaal  is taggable
you want me to tag him
@Odaal
no worries I gotchu
I still think azyx is better than hannu
Dive how old are you
ayy i did a 100 on my arms

Its second best even in phase 3
and no reck!
those warlocks were certainly in the rear view mirror
no
that is the lamest shit
im not even that geared

no hundred deaths
2 pce tier thats it this phase
its close to bis last phase
no hundred deaths
im just not looted this phase I mean I guess
our rogue popped off this raid
feral group for once
and owned
its our second raid I think ppl slacking tho
he won overall

but our tanks in this run are super bad
they suck at positioning for seeds and shit
yea they get massiv upgrade this phase
around same as lock
600
on ST
wihtout glaives like 400-500
i honestly think they are biis in sunwell and really good this phase
because expose brings armor super close to 0
with pen gear
but warriors dont want em in their runs so
they talk alot of shit
like 1 rogue I mean ofc
not stacking them
yea but you get lock prio after pala
if your guild isnt trolling
ok dood
i need a cata
and the legs
tetsu got liek glaives legs cata first run ok 2 pc is not looted
ssr not glaives
why
4 pce isnt a massive deal mate
you have channeled elements and highlord?
no gear will beat out that perk
not even close
4 pce t6 is too strong
yea thats why you play good
and get in a guild
that has a brain
and gives it to locks
well ppl in loot councils get 4 pce 10x faster than you will
no i mean ppl in LC guilds
not ppl making the decisions
you basically have 3 options in this game :
- RNG Roll / Point system where you compete with whole raid (no angle) -> never get T6
- Guild LC system which could emphasize loyalty, performance, attendance, or any number of things (social angle) -> get T6 for free
- GDKP System where you buy all your shit (money angle) -> Get T6 for lots of $$$
SR is basically the RNG Roll system w 1 extra step
except  it favors the ppl who win rolls
they win skull
now they res zdoom
now they res tier
etx
or
they get skull
and then get your tier
and you get nothing
because first raid
they  get skull
next raid
they  sr tier
lmao
if you constantly do that shit you dont tend to keep a raid together
if a guild has a strong history / has lasted long time
they probably arent simping their  friends only
it can  happen but good players will leave
and youll eventually be left w only shitter cucks
eh
I think there is lots of guilds that understand basic concepts like  tier being good for warlocks
sure skull and zd might be hard
thats where you top the meter and establish dominance
and dont allow them to loot their 7 friends
well why dont you become the GMs gf then
kinda bis
ok s o get your gf to be gm
and give you loot
o so I get sex
smart
its just rp
you know whats for betas
no 4 pce t6
and simming the off pieces
if you even put those off pieces in a sim
you lose like 10% testosterone
how much is your monkey worth
NPC - neverpurchasedcoiner
is your dad also the reason for the name twoinch
!hastecap
i didnt read anything
i just wanted to see the number
can you DI the silence
does that work
o no dont tell mayhem
yea just 3 pala in SR set
prot and holy dont do anything anyways
ret still keeps his debuff up
yea ghostowl did it
and tl dr its shit
the 1 s reduc silence neck is good.... but if you get one resist w RNG its dogshit
so its like pointles
but DI bro
DI has potential
Alright pump the brakes
how much does a beer cost
before you knock pbr
mayhem you gonna get your paladins to DI chain you on azgalor or not
just 4pce and triple lust through it
ayy
l is a smart admin
no my hands are fast
brain slow tho
i can spam bolt really really fast
never because prists take all the haste
zhardoom
haste cloak
angelistas sash
like why do healers take dps items
only good use of haste was faster mind control casts
and WCL ruined it
holy nova compared to seed
actually uncomparable nvm
imagine the healers have more haste than the dps
and still take the cloak
smh
haste is bad for priests because it puts them into shadowfiend rotation faster
true okay its bis
its called life tap
maybe if ppl gave me more spellpower
thats bannable
the circle is personal only I think
the other sliver does that scale off haste
the evocate

can you snapsot this w lust or no
does it scale w sp
2000 mana is kinda small isnt it
DI'able
you just get your palas to DI you
he can always DI it off
Why do you need paladins on that fight
soulstone the ret so seal stays up
holy and prot are just DI
its bad
just get looted and 3 lusts
and silence doesnt matter
use the mayhem strat
the problem
is the silence is only  lik 15% uptime
but one lucky RNG drops that to lik 10% or less uptime
so one RNG just beats shadowres
its just a DI fight
yep
so easy DI to lock
I think its bis like most of the game for seed
Through ZA
until this:
triple lust âœ… 
affli + boomkin âœ…
4pc + roak funnel âœ…
lose to chinese guy with a couple blue gems âœ…
yep it's a mayhem log
guarantee mayhem reads every post on this discord
so yea
supremus
nah
only 16 of the top 100  got 3 lusts
of those they are almost entirely from china
the german Dreifache Lust (triple lust) is a more well engineered vehicle though
nah you are in the driver's seat of the dreifache lust
5 min fight 1 doom cast
did you forget doom existed
going so fast
in your nice car
its hard to go that fast
o i see you high rolled only 2 blessing

your spreist played p good tho

the way he keeps saying this point makes me believe it less
anyways azkaban is cool
Sweden is cool
Badges buy nethers
Yes
Why do ppl run move speed meta in pvp if it just gets you fort ench on boot
Surefooted for lock?
Ah
Ok yea i just thought it was hit
Its 5% stun res
Busted
You could live w sward and prot pot or even swiftness pot on double port
0 res seems fine
You have shad ward swiftness pot
Lol
Yea tru
https://tenor.com/view/surprise-courtney-marie-andrews-courtney-marie-andrews-channel-irene-clown-gif-18438000
mayhem at the front desk when we walk in: "Room for two?"
the drop using channeled elements is minimal, even  running cowl + 4 pce is a deccent way to go
what the hell who is making me brown again
I think the question wasnt about your opinion on the work done, but rather how it affects bowiz smuggling mate
wtf so it was hannu?
@Skycrab please free me from the brown oppression.
I found purple.
I acquired skull.
I went on a date and found my inculover, jpaint. 

I don't deserve this brown shit
yes but there is precedent of purple being more powerful than brown warrior role
â¤ï¸
im freeee
I want a black role
i dont like invis
to confusing
black
black role would fill me with shame
definitely make it black
or?
you dont get a pink role ini shaman disc for parsing warlock
you dont get pink role in warlock disc for parsing meme class
hes not even pink parse avg
orange

debatably hes a purple
i pref no split + healspls loot system
just pump and give me loot
actually its mayhems loot system now
hey mayhem how many pieces of loot did you get last raid
also looks like mayhems guild couldnt do illidan w 23 ppl because they dont know how to kill boss without skipping demon
probably doesnt have SR set
objectively the noob guild has completed content your guild has not
Its basically a hard mode
well what if your guild fucks up and 2 die on phase 2
and now you cant skip demon phase
like mayhems guild w 23 ppl
yea its omega cuck
but tbh I think it shows how the game can be harder if your guild isnt try hard
we can probably skip demon easily tbh
our issue was mainly tanks kiting too quick
so without lust in P2
it got messy
its alot better now
but now we got the boomer mentality of not wanting to risk wipe on boss
I wrote why
no thats actually false
this is only true if you have no idea how to do demon phase
fight is free af
have you even ever done the demon phase
I feel like I am the authority on this matter
exactly
yea our monka tanks clearly had no clue what they were doing when we got to illidan
well
technically what we did was
we used our extra lusts
p2
and saved some for P5
but enrage hasnt been a big issue
enrage is in phase 5
no
you skip phase 4
and go to phase 5
if my guild rushed me 4 pce , then I probably wouldnt have been able to justify rolling on skull w other warlock who would have no loot
idk
wish I had 4 pce
but skull is poggers
yea tier is way fatter than skull
early tier is free 99
literally freeest parses in the game
w 4 pce
its not controversial that if you have 4 pce week 2 you get free parses
ðŸ™‚
its also high roll loot RNG to get 4 pce week 2, even with a funnel
I kinda hope so honestly
beating all the bosses without any effort isnt very fun
watch you guys swap in 6 warlocks 3 mages to kill muru
and then tell me im shit
for killing it w half the number of AOE
that too
heres the thing I got the infinite angle
if your argument is my guild is shit
wellbitch, I got a 100 in a shit guild
that makes me better than you at this game objectively
you guys only get 99 in your good guilds
I get 100
in shit
no no
they defined it
they called my guild shit
so by definition im an exceptional player getting 100 in shit guild
while you are an average pale bro in tip top guild
getting 99s
like veryone else
free as fuck
0 skill involved
then I got the PTR angle where you guys spent more time on these fights on PTR than our guild even lol
then I got the fact we only raided like 4 hrs week 1
and your "good" guilds did 8 hr progs
like you call my guild shit but jpaints guild wiped on shade  of akama
and teron
and all these other fights
yea I have never even come close to wiping on shade or teron
never did ptr
we  can reliably kill illidan and dont have to wipe it up if 3 ppl die in P2 and cant make the dmeon dps check
who is actually shit?
us the ppl who cleared on a casual schedule no cringe wipes
or you, the PTR spammer on a 15 year old game
who still wipes on akama
who cant do demon phase
us the ones getting 100 with dog killtimes
or you
getting 99s with uber sweat 25 ppl
he did not
im more  taltking to blow
same.
but yet some of these cringers actually some how manage to wipe on it
you know how you wipe on akama
dogshit tanks
that dont pick up anything
because they are brain dead
used to tanking 1 mob
in easy content
but think they are good
because they have some 99s
pressing rotation on 1 mob
you can tell a tank is good if hes confident to tank multiple mobs and doesnt only take 1 mob all the time
yep
90% of tanks are actually dogs
plenty of "good" tanks with "good" guilds are actually brain dead 3 button spam retards
as are the DPS
one that uses his entire kit, understands how taunt works and leverages it to hold multiple mobs
communicates
doesnt fucking back pedal
and is comfortable using strafe
holds aggro without ninjaing every dps item in the game (more relevant in vanilla)
fury prot with every dps item in vanilla - can only tank 1 mob and if someone rips  a second he doesnt mocking and blames the dps
bbecause he literally only spams his rotation
never pressed intercept in his life
never pressed mocking
yes they can
yes they can
you bloodrage
swap blood rage CD
you dont spam your bloodrage button
you use it for utility
the fact you think this is proving my point
they say they cant do it
but they can
they are just dogshit
and only press 3 buttons
you ever have a dps in vanilla rip aggro and just die slowly? Tank says 'taunt resist', but doesnt mocking, doesnt chall shout and just watched the dps die and blames him?
Then he says I need more threat gear
because your dps is doing too much threat
that too sure
but if your tank isnt using 2/3 of his taunts
and crying taunt resist
he is literally just dogshit
also you can abuse how taunt works  to hold two mobs at once quite  easily
and most tanks shy away from tnaking 2
beacuse a) they are full dps geared
b ) they  are trash
they gear poorly to parse chase and mask their poor TPS rotation
and that makes them useless
can only tank 1 mob without dying
yea man
ppl are dog at the game
getting good kill times w minmax comp and max consumes and a 99 doesnt make you good
our palas bop all  the time
we have actually some  really good players, and some not
but most have exp playing the game at a much higher level than is needed for classic (from private and stuff
yea kinda
some bad tanks in second raid
a couplle healers that are monka
just friends
that dont really try hard
also the other thing that pisses me off is healers that dont use a threat meter
or track target of target
if a boss is targeting me you should be healing me
if theres a threat drop mechanic coming, you should be ready to heal the next person on threat
all you need to manage the mechanic is a simple threat meter
but healers dont do it
like for  vael on private, we had to precast bombs into the tank, and if he gets adrenaline, you have to precast bombs into the next tank based on threat meter
for something as simple as vael
nowadays, healers NEVER precast, they look to snipe instead
in order to parse chase
this makes the tank get jibbed randomly because they dont precast on him
forces the tank to gear over defensively to make up for dog healers
that are parse chasing
like some of your "best" healers are actually just dogshit parse chasers
and one day they will realise they have no clue how to heal properely
yea butt they would rather let him get low and get a bigger bomb off
than just precast and keep him topped
all sorts of cringe shit healers do
parses are so stupid for healing
LOL
you know when your tank dies
and then your OT gets it
and insta dies
thats cause the healers dont use threat meters
and dont know who is getting it
ppl are  just bad at the game
delusional skill level defined by  pink number
your parse has nothing  to do with your skill
yea the  copium argument
sure on some vague angle
yea im more talking to people who think pink = good at game
just because your guild prints 99s doesnt even mean its a good guild
look at jpaint, wipe on almost every  boss in BT, but they get numbers
printing 99s is often just zugging the mechanics and hoping nothing bad happens
and if  something bad happens
wipe and go again
i think your guild is better defined by how they react and play in times of struggle
not how they steamroll content when everything goes well
like you ninja pull 2 packs - can you handle it? 

Our guild will instantly react and call bop  aoe taunt rotations
others that consider themselves good because of pink numbers will just give up instantly
wipe it
flame someone
put blame somewhere so noone blames them
for not being able to bop aoe taunt or otherwise handle the problem
ive seen some raids where literally anything goes wrong ppl just check out and give up and wipe
even if its so easily salvagable
and you know whos fault that is?
Your raid leaders
not your dog players
your leaders
they dont know how to actually lead  when it counts
they just describe strat and if one mistake is  made
they flame that person
instead of blaming themselves for not correctly calling the  fix
this is why I think guilds are defined by how they react to adversity, how they handle mistakes
not how many 99s they print
for sure man
but most ppl just say O we get piinks so we are good at game
while wiping it up every time one thing bad happens
yea this
also if your raid never uses bop aoe taunt to try to fix a bad pull you are bad ðŸ™‚
literally broken combo
ppl have 3 furies none of them hit aoe taunt or call for bop -> they are bad
if  prot pala dies and your not bop aoe taunting and instead just wiping
dogshit
yup
or by the same argument, ppl in raids that typically print parses are overconfident
they arent gonna do the mechanic anyways just try to cheese for parse
and learn after the fact
you slut
I did
and went from llike blue parse to 99

and  my set isnt even good

also used the elixir for pen
goddammit ghostowl
you actually made 70 up
just to do elaborate troll
not as big as a gain  as jpaint
he had 7
from 7 to 96 by just not hitting reflect mob
should copy jpaint
pen is shit look at his gains
we can pop skulls together in felwood now
Hyperbolic's best warlock, Kentoe, got 1700 dps on a 4:20 Kill,
Beating @jpaint while being  a UD male to his orc AND not having skull
NA's best warlock , Heezzy got 1900 dps on a 5:30 kill with no skull and a few blue gems
We are not the same.
Did you get  my memo about your pvp guide
why suppression over fel conc
Kentoe is a really good warlock and Jpaint doesnt give him enough credit
what you think cause your  name is red Id be  surprised you are clueless about spell pen?
or taht I should suspect you of baiting
I just respected you you asshole
and gave you honest reply
i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names i hate red names
you dont get 99.89 making complete sentences
maybe if lockcordlogs fixed the broken system
ppl
wouldnt
pad
it seems we have disparaging info about pvp talentson this discord.

The pinned post is more recent and takes fel conc, but if you go to #tbc-resources we see the zeph guide recommending putting extra points in suppression
Someone was saying suppression is bugged and not worth taking
was wondering if its an oversight
I did read your guide to be careful
I didnt see anything talking about situational use of suppression
only mention of suppression was talking about pain sup in disc comp
fuck you your dead to me
what is the situation where you take suppression @Zephan ?

this is the pin  I  find
Korvo saying to not take 3/5 supp
This is the "bug" I was referring to
no worries
just doing my best to contribute to a healthy learning experience for all warlocks
I just want this disc to be the best it can be
â¤ï¸
okayyyy
what about DMs
playing fire w no scorch
and no spriest in raid
or getting  3 lusts w affli boomy and 3 JC neck simps
Hmmm
https://tenor.com/view/how-you-doing-hi-slide-dm-single-gif-8014866
I believe so yes, but most ppl just gear enough pen at this point
is my understanding?
im not quite following you
we talking about gathios now
not pvp hey?
Ok so your suggesting suppression is good for putting up curse of elements through aura?
Or tongues?
I think it is
But I think theres no reason to tongues
Meh
Just kick its not hard
Im not taking extra points in a talent to bandaid melee kicks w tongues slightly better
Your saying tongues can help bad players
Yes
No
Because kicking is easy
Id argue that tongues to bandaid brainlets is just enabling them to continue being brainlet
Rogues pump
Yes rogue only stops dps on magic bop to go kick
Imagine you bring rogue and then don't let him iea the boss
Rogue hate is warrior propaganda to get glaives
Rogues actually pump in t6 gear
Iea is very strong now
W arpen gear
Seed
Yep
ours is like 200 crit rating
for 20 s
which is p good for seed when skull is down
haha yea
its only good now
cause of seed
well it was good in classic if you trinket swapped
but no warlcoks were  actually good and cared about overall
because they were shit vanilla warlocks
that dont know how to min max dmg
so they said it was bad
when it was clearly good
yea but you have time to rotate 3 actives on vanilla trash
which warriors and mages did plenty
but yea vanilla warlocks were bad
saph trinket wasnt out
even still its good for the TONS of locks that didnt have TOEPs and just got cucked on zandalar
but yea lockcord wouldnt tell you that :p
its  true do you remember how toxic Ddavid was
Ddavid was  a dom
29
https://tenor.com/view/stephen-colbert-tea-sassy-teacup-posh-gif-3535629
Ddavid was a snob in healer discord I imagine him like this
https://tenor.com/view/hooker-street-prostitute-gif-13965061
Bael now
like wat
he dmed me the picss
i just flirted a bit
ouch
see my  above gif describing bael
is femboy friday!
but it seems like femboy friday is just femboey everyday now
whats a blahaj
hmm
luigi is omega cuck
helping mario fuck peach
sucking ghosts
doing a GDKP


sour cum
just get  3 lusts and scream at your spreist for weaving
and get 4 pce
this just in!
you can get 99s with this one simple trick
get 4 pce
its to reduce fs and blizz
and blast
uptime
@Shelly  HI
I just @tted you
I just want  my daily
they won my team afked
but I did own 2 pound and his druid friend 1v2
whats better adept or shadow power elixir
shadow power right
you have 4 pce?
3 lust?
you have 4 pce + skull dam
what the hell is that
two bros hanging out
fat hogs
hes using hatefury for seed set
thats illegal
jpaint was bullying mages in org
because 2 shadow priests not getting ISB
typically you run fire with alot of mages in raid
however
the cringe part of all that is
why do you have 2 shadow priests
2 shadow priests is grief af
why is he nitpicking your spec and gameplay when he runs 2 shadow priests in the raid
Nice
Yea
My interpretation is that im catching up in that meme tho
Ye
no
rogues

im still blocked by mayhem cant react
but yet he makes memes of me
rent free?
did you have healer follow mage
or did he solo kite
yae the diff is noticeable
but the tank in my alt raid just stands in consecrate anyway
heh
they actually get air bursted just bonk their heads on archi's gooch

thats a 13% hit set
he has totem of wrath on
did anyone optimize spen set yet tho
i feel  like a) more gems are better than pvp pieces
b) elixir of empowerment+shadow power
wait no longer circus?
you sure?


ok
so you get 35 pen
you lose 14 sp 23 crit 17 hit
so not counting the hit
thats 37 ish spell power
for 35 pen
but
gems are just better value then that
running more spen gems at a minimum is strictly better than pvp pieces in my mind
now lets look at elixir of empowerment
you lose 25 sp to get 30 pen
w that elixir
thats ALSO a better trade off
pvp wand is the same btw
so it wouid seem to me that true bis is probably having a second T6 pieces gemmed up w pen
and elixir of empowerment
and probably using zhardoom
not the OH
pvp pieces are good value but gems/elixir just edge them out in true bis set I think
yea
unrealistic right
but eventually tier wont be needed
by many
I dont think youd  need full second set gemmed that would prob be too much pen
you just need to cover the 55 from pvp peices
which 30 is done w elixir
2 more pen gems somewhere
so like second boots or belt or somethingwould be enough
this ring is actually really nice too
prob not in bis set
but if you dont have  ancient knowledge it seems really good value
yo honestly not eye of moam
but if your committing to a pen strat
the skeram staff
on shadow priest
is bis
it has to be

50 pen for the squad?
the whole raid?
bis
doubt it has an icd
it  says it reduces resists of target
hmm
it is worded similar to elixiir
no lol
idk anyone who has this
yea
thats dumb
ok then that cant work
true

This should be better

louki set:
yea
i mean any piece really could do probs  for the pen gems
but I think what I put is bis
because it uses the socket bonuses
i  got more sp more crit more hit more haste
dropping the  pvp pieces off
yea
realistically if you have the core pieces any second piece w 2+  slots in it could work
not  share link
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/ccZLs92B3Uv18HDk21dJjP
you have to click share
and get a share link
ah yea
i have second vestments but its crit atm
yea your set is running shroud of the highborne
thats nice
yea  yonka set prolly bis
but hyper hard to get
get that set yonka and put mayhem in the rearview
i dont get why it has me at rank 8 thats not true but I fuck w it
my warrior is on the come up tho
reck the other bosses next week
ez game
bro
thats fucked up
putting  us w kenneth
mayhem doesnt go other class discs
kenneth get banned from like  all
ppl who dont drop max rank and run ele sub spec
are the worst
what is your spec called alex
whats the name of the spec
enhancement
not twist fire for negative  dps gain and cry about your mana
imagine thinking your nova totem on trash matters at all
truuu
and now
hes getting glaives?
lets be honest yall cucked on fem draenei for cringe party buff
you all wish you could be troll
berserking
O cringe shaggy would get pi and not parse
I get affli this week
And i am doom
But no 4 pce so prolly will be shit
Do you  parse on druid
You get 3 lust and pi on him too?
Oof
Not chad
You just some palas lil bear pet
Mono cat yawn
Do you reflect deaden yet
Smh
is it possible to check  if you got t4 snapshot on logs
i mean sham t4
its not really useful
its a bit of free pad tho in hyjal
its like a 50% reduction on average
loool
the most cringe thing you can do is try to high road about how anyone decides to spend  their free time
"my wasted time on video games  is superior to yours"
fuck off, whatever you enjoy is fine
such a cringe convo
cmon guys
we dont even get to argue anymore
because mayhem blocked me lil bitch
o my god mayhem
how long are you gonna piss and moan about this
you lost to chinese blue gemmer
the theory is sound for spell pen being better than mage swap
give it a rest

every day
ppl just baiting  and being cringe
you kite mage around the room it doesnt cast spells while it  moves  which gives ppl more uptime
possibly helps  you cleave 3 more safely
mage kite is  debatable
in terms  of min maxing
but it does actually seem quite good.
its like mage takes an L on dps for the entire raid to get a gain
eh the strat is fine
you literally just run
blink
spell steal once in a while
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jTEWzvRFBdY&ab_channel=Sarthe
mages hate the strat but they dont parse on the fight anyways
idk
ppl only shill for what benefits them
but mages honestly lose all their credibility in their constant shilling bullshit
and making liar pins
isnt point 1 false
the biggest drawback is it forces your raid to run pen basically in my eyes
like bro you can not like a strat but if you make a liar pin every time something stands to hurt your dps
noone will listen to you anymore
ye you can still pump deccent just going through the aura no pen
but
pen kinda hjajrd bis  at that point
1. The rogue is getting way more immunity shields because the mage isn't getting them anymore. That nerfs cleave dmg and multi shotting quite a bit.
this is false isnt it
the immunity shield still hits the mage
it has infinite range
the mages also say it only lowers the FS / blizz casts by like 1 or 2 casts
when we looked at data it looked like more like 50%
and feels more like 50%
well if it cant be bopped in LOS, then  the strat is to simply blast mage while  tanking it around a corner
and surely someone woulda done that by now
just rng I think
yea bbut tbh, its probably still worth
like
but why are you assuming this
what packs
heres a ss of the start off your  run hannu

those packs are closer to 40 s on average
not 25 s
this is just start of BT
you want me to pick another pack
?
in your raid average hyjal trash pack is around 30 s looks like

im not saying MSD is bad
it might be worth
Im just saying lets make some realistic assumptions here
not 25 s trash pack because that number makes MSD look good
i could probably do that
lazy
i think its gonna look bad
lol
@spoar
!avatar @Healspls
looks so bad bro
lool
@Hannu how short does fight have to be for  MSD to sim better
why not?
so MSD is just feelscraft for  you then?
how do you gem for MSD?
all green spell crit
and one  blue?
i could believe that MSD is better on seed packs
do you use  this in hyjal....
its gonna just be assload of gren gems, but then my other sets are scuffed

hannu
your other warlocks
do  they try
or are they shit
like is this a valid comparison against someone in a crit seed set
or are these all slackers
ok
so mostlikely none of those locks even have a seed set
hyjal sets or obli
ngl I like the idea of MSD
its alot of work to move over to that tho
@Hannu I am concerned that you are having to tap in your current set
on each of the trash packs you are doing 1 tap
even w mana potion
I think MSD has potential tho
but id be worried to rip aggro
In my current set, I dont have to tap at all
and I can even destro pot
on these packs
i think my raid BT trash is too scuffed
for MSD
probably just rip
we made fully optimal sets yesterday
full bis
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/6nzSNBGcEdyeE9s5rHeKCj
pretty good set
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/ccZLs92B3Uv18HDk21dJjP
hatefury?
sure
my second set you could make if you had 2 of basically any  piece
with 2 gemslots
To run this set, you at minimum need 1x piece that has 2 gem slots to put the 2 pen gems in
i split them between noose and boots
but its not necessary
its just getting sock bonus
a few more SP
your still better off generally with pen gems in extra pieces (could even use boots of  foretelling here)
than you are going for the pvp pieces
in a  bis setup that is
most ppl atm can get good value from pvp pieces tho
sure
its still more bis to  run zhar
personally im  going for TOC
but it was worth making these sets because I think ppl overvalue the arena pieces
and undervalue just gemming random old gear
gems are always better than the arena pieces in a nutshell
and so is elixir of empowerment
but if you have to wear shitty old gear you may be better off w pvp pieces
you should always use elixir of empowerment
and shadow power elixir
hes not
thats his mantle of malefic
this ring is also strictly better than pvp ring
I would use elixir of empowerment and cut 2 gems
or
cut a pvp offpiece
your missing hit
so ya if you can cut a  pvp offpiece for like hit wan
that will be better
much better yep
still would like to grab some hit
would you consider swapping to orange gems in your gloves/pants
for the hit socket bonus
i think this neck is cringe too
mayb its  good hmm

ok so you lose 3 crit and 16 sp for 13 pen
thats not the best value
its decent but not great
notice that gems are 13 pen for 12 sp
and that elixir is 30 pen for 25 sp
uh no
its more like 2.8 SP
yea I mean its worth to wear the neck for the pen, but you might  be able to find a better tradeoff
the true optimal way to play the fight is probably debatable and might even depend on your guilds goals/raid comp
but one thing that is  certain, if your debuff uptime in YOUR raid is dogshit, then pen is bis
no not really man
it could  defs  be speedup
most ppl who have execute mage kite strat saw a speedup
in their killtime
and if you are doing mage kite strat its unquestionably good to run pen
you cant just call it only for parses
ill believe that when I see it
I think its mage lies
seems to be?
i dont think you ahve any evidence of that mate
to me it seems to be completely random
infinite range
and can go on anyone
mages probably open one log "look no bop  on mage bad strat"
its not the case
until someone shows evidence to the contrary, occams razor would suggest its simply a random target every 30 seconds or so for the bop
and that should be our assumptions when discussing strategies
not random cooked mage claims
idk I think thats the  raids fault for bringing him
if you failed to scout  and he got in the run
thats on you
ppl get so omega cringe about ppl in gdkps man
you got yours
he doesnt have to fucking bid
yea  both of these things do happen
ok so cant phys bop the mage  ever
so its the same shit whether you kite or not
in terms of melee cleaving
if you told the guy that he needs to buy stuff  if hes coming to the  run sure
if you just let this guy come to your raid
and didnt set any expectations
then no
you pay him
nah this  shit  is omega cringe in GDKPs man if you say hey we are doing GDKP and you invite a guy  to the run
you pay him
unless  you set up expectations
nah bro
iff your a carry and you dont carry then you dont  get a cut
how many  cringe carries
come to run
and suck ass at game
you gonna police that shit too?
i had a fury that didnt beat  my  arms  on a single trash pack
a "carry" fury
yea  I just think that if you look hard enough you basically find a reason to not pay everyone except the top 3 dps and the tank
so
you wanna get omega cringe like that
go for it
did you say that he only gets a cut if he buys stuff?
then II agree w you
if you took some rando guy to a run and he d oesnt know  better
and you d idnt tell him shit
nah
you dont just fuck  him over and waste his reset
its just omega cringe bro, I  could  argue that the bottom half of the dps carries also wasting our reset
if you set expectations, fine to do shit like that
if you dont
its cringe
like 60% chance he finessed you, 40% chance he doesnt know any better , either way if you set expectations and have rules written then its all good
but if your lazy gdkp w none of that
then nah
you dont get to fuck ppl over based  on your arbitrary bullshit
othert thing I see  in gdkps is ppl getting shamed into buying dogshit gear you  would never roll on
just trying to trick ppl into giving them  gold
shaming a fury into buying arcanite steampistol
for example
in my last run
shamign spriests  into buying  T5
yea man its just a buncha scumbag bullshit in gdkps
its disgusting
ye this basically. Way I see it is you took an L to learn not to invite that guy anymore
thats a fair deal
i think its cringe trying to brigade individual's ppls cut based on some arbitrary shit
because you can make up anything
carry makes one mistake? no cut now
dies on one fight so bad on overall meter? no cut
does buy the one item you want him to ?  no cut
just take  the L, dont invite him again
this is the kinda shit ppl could do tho
and do try to do
all the  time in gdkp
whats a good perf gdkp setup
because  all I see is
warlocks not using dmg curse to  look better on perf based GDKP
not rewarding any supp classes
etc
I just think all of the perf based  shit ends up favoring certaing ppl in the raid in the end who are in cahoots with the organizer
im p meh about it all - rather just keep it simple stupid
tank cut, organizer cut
thats  it
exactly
this shit happens all the time, guaranteed
I too find that part fun. But too often its just you in cuck group and organizers in good groups getting double lust and its a giant non competition
you right, you can run the run however you want. I just think that 90% of the time the perf based part of it is gamed in favor of the organizers buddies and I personally prefer a run where the rules and payouts are simple and predictable
you can like whatever run you want
just my opinion
yea im sure your run is great man
i know
the run you go to
sure
I just dont like signing up for a "gdkp" then at the end of the run you randomly find out o theres a massive tank cut and a massive top dps payout and you played COR lock and dont get shit even tho you played just as well as anyone else
mayb on your perf based
I just like simple rules I can understand before I go into.
looks solid
not what  I see typically tho
theres a support cut there
for various suppo classes
yea and any random healer  gets paid like a top 3 dps
even if they suck ass/are a buyer
etc
looks p solid tho im sure its fun  competition
what did max do on FF14
shit was entertaining as fuck
did he actually lie
i mean I watched them wipe for ever and alot of their strats were bad/suboptimal
sure seemed blind
no
i feel like progress probably still did more PTR than NA guilds
you think they beyond making NA accounts?
neither of the pvp pieces are bis for locks on spen set
they are p good
but they arent bis
gems are always better value than pvp pieces
as is elixir of empowerment
a true bis setup is basically just having second pieces of all your bis gemmed w pen and running elixir
which isnt realistic
but its often still better to gem old gear than run the pvp pieces
True BIS:https://seventyupgrades.com/set/6nzSNBGcEdyeE9s5rHeKCj
dam good set that you can get with just one "second" piece of gear:
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/ccZLs92B3Uv18HDk21dJjP
double on use sounds kinda good for ROS
since the intermissions
are like free uptime for your trinkets
thats p sick
but you can get your trinkets every round of ROS anyway cant you
so why does it matter to trink swap
but you could have icon
on P1 too
is MQG just better than icon
well its not man
i posted sets that dont use them
its basic math
you are like the third person to try to tell me im wrong
just do basic math
compare  the pieces

ok
so once again
you  lose 14 crit and 9 sp , ignoring the hit
so call that roughly 22 SP in stats
to get 20 pen
or you could run gems that are 13 pen for 12 SP
or you could run elixir that is 30 pen for 25 SP
I mean anyone in a guild can get free blue gems from gbank tbh
but yes
Im not saying they arent useful pieces
im saying they arent bis

you are saying they are bis
its basic math
why they are not used for anything else
many ppl dont give a fuck about pvp gear and you barely wear pen gems in pvp anyway
because the pvp gear has so much on it
look skript, the pvp pieces can be useful. But they arent bis
you wrote to me saying they "must be bis"
they arent
that is alll
tbh if you take  louuki set, remove the pvp pieces you lose 55 pen.

You can make that up by running 2  more spen gems and elixir of empowerment, which is totally worth
you are making it out to be this crazy hard to create set
but its really not hard to beat out the pvp pieces assuming you can get the gems
dam good set that you can get with just one "second" piece of gear:
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/ccZLs92B3Uv18HDk21dJjP
i havent checked but probably even running like foretelling for the 2 more blue gems is better than the pvp pieces tbh
but since most ppl dont even have 4 pce t4 and shit yet, never mind chest to gem and shit
then pvp pieces are decent
we have a huge surplus of yellows even now

yes but your takeaway from this should be that pvp pieces are actually really poor value for pen
and that generally gemming old gear is going to be better
and you should check your gear for more optimal pen slots
then just assuming pvp piecces are good
even without zhardoom mate
check the value you are getting
remember I ignored the hit on wand
its actually super bad value compared to just gems
we are well past this stage of the argument
also band of the guardian is really good value
much better value than the pvp offpieces
unless your sitting on ROAKs
generally you should hope for 1:1 SP to Pen trades because gems and elixir are both better than that
if you can use the hit on wand/OH, then you are gettting like 2:1 trades
which is still "worth" for your dps,, but those are really bad tradeoffs
you COULD do better
lmao
yea you could
im not going to
but you could
ill let someone else analyze pen  weaving
mayb in that case Talon of the tempest w pen gems is good
lel
substantiate this claim pls
show the logs
because NOTA is splitting arnet they
I dont see a melee stack
breh

i mean their last 2 kills are full on dog killtimes
you gonna blame that on kiting?
and not it just being a split or some shit?
i feel like mages just pull up 2 logs find a conclusion that serves their interest and call it a day
then make up weird lies like "you get more bops on rogue if you kite"
which is not true
yea I think your spewing bullshit foolipe
nota is splitting
also their tank mage only does 1k dps @Foolipe
"1.7k dps loss for mage"
bullshit my ass
mages are just insanely biased and shill for themselves so much that they have 0 credibility anymore
every thing a mage says
is almost certainly bullshit in some way
they cant even look at something objectively anymore
literally every single one of foolipes claims about kite strat is false - and hes mod of mage disc
hes been smoking the mage weed too long bros
i dont wanna do the same thing as mages and cope that mages are dogshit the way they do about us
mages are p good class
but just because a strat comes up that is bad for your dps doesnt mean you automatically make up lies to not  do said strat
the mage disc pin about kite strat is just a straight up lie
saying rogue gets more bops if you kite
and then tons of innocent mages take that like its fact
im surprised foolipe comes here and srsly thinks hes gonna sell us bullshit tho
p easy to check the facts
his claims are :
Mage loses 1.7k dps ( shown to be more like 900)
Kiting doesnt increase dps because NOTA lost dps (except they are splitting with 7:00 killtimes)
notice how he ignores his disproven arguments and just starts baiting instead
a truly mature moderator of mage discord
aaaand hes gone
never once did he adress the argument
just says lies and runs
tldr do not trust mages
i love rearview
I feel like its very flattering to me tbh
oof
I guess yea
but im not number 8
thats the funky part
but hey ill take it
I guess I was rank 8 on council at start of p 3.5
foolipe also routinely posts bullshit about amges on reddit and shills lies
its like his shtick
try  to spread misinformation
for mage benefit
but im surprised he thinks it can work here
can we just make some pin about pen and spam it whenever someone rehashes this same convo for the millionth time
it can be neutral
say the benefits of pen say the reasons you might still pref swapping in good parses
every day its a new person trying to argue the same old points
its so lame
yea command sure
!tag + spen "Based on the work done my Louki here : https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823476479550816266/941343928232341554, we can see that wearing pen and just nuking Gathios is at most a 4% loss of dps compared to a swap strategy.
This assumes perfect swapping, perfect debuff upkeep and  0 loss of uptime due to blessing spell warding, which is unlikely.
Zerevor can be hit with blessing of spell warding during the aura, which will cost you on average half a cast and forcing you to swap back to a mob with the aura anyways.
Blessing of spell warding also knocks off all debuffs, causing a loss in dps.
Because of these issues with swapping, its very likely that penetration is a better option than swapping on council on average.
However, there is still a chance you get lucky and get 0-1 blessings cast on the mage, which would in theory make blasting the mage/swapping a better high roll strategy, if threat allows. You can make your own decisions about which strategy is preferable for your guild."

@jpaint do it
yes
assuming the locks all have the same crit chance, yes
improved shadow bolt
well technically it depends on crit chance
but basically prebis geared warlocks will produce more ISB than they cconsume ( you make 5 charges per crit)
right yea
but you have affli and spriest pulling it down
so its like it wouldnt make a big diff adding locks if you didnt have spriest/affli
but since you do have that
more locks will cover the spriests more
running 2 spriests is just so lame man
yea thats cata not tbc
tbc is very much bring the class
sadly
theres a bit of it in WOTK
but cata is really
where it is bring player not class
yea but alot more in Cata right
mages get lust
is there still tricks of the trade and hysteria in Cata?
Because that shit is going to make the most aids of all time in WOTK
Ahlaundoh triple hysteria parsing
you can also DI off sated
and get secon lust
we get PI?
we get DI?
warr cant even get fel rage
so silly
my friend said he crit 30k tho on a sbolt
in fel rage
poggers

daaam
yea he didnt have trinkets/hes undead/no 4 pce
but 30 k is p cool
bro this is so sad
watching it now
why would he do this man
oof
o shit?
looks like they wiped on arcchi
theres alot of angry ppl in that guild
kenneth
marky
eh
i think that guild is still going @Soildsr
i think your buddy may just have been kicked
lmao

lol
so they had the infernal out of raid being tanked by noone
just some knights
knight died
healer was next on threat
infernal runs through all the melee and kills everyone
gg
bascially this prot pala cant get aggro on the infernal and dies trying
north
northbtw
is his mage
lol truuuu
whatever happened to all that
o they got banned right
for wintrading
alot of their players got banned for pvp abusing
phoenix god is a self proclaimed parsing guild on faerlina
that is host to the usual toxic suspects : Kenneth Marky and co.
i dont really care what you do play the game how you like
but
if marky/kenneth are you raid leaders
just know those ppl go through guilds like  phases of wow
idk
well kenneth began in tempest speedrunning guild
they never really made anything happen in vanilla always mediocre runs
He quit joined Rise for a bit
He didnt know how to sunder so he got kicked and sperged out
Think he quit classic after that
started tbc
did the beef bar thing
they got banned for arena piloting
meanwhile marky took over DOGZ for a bit funneled himself loot and then started up Phoenix god
something something
marky mark is just a faerlina sperg
they defs dont run server
I dont have much lore for yea
they just ppl w a track record of losing their mind over 15 year old game and keep coming back for more in a new guild every time
thy dont int wipe I dont tihnk
i think they actually laid back on the whole parse guild thing
when bipolar came
and just became a "normal" guild
and it appears beef bar is still playing

tfw your random arms in casul guild beats marky in beef bar

hes looted too
tbf I beat everyone on supremus even ahlaundeaux
:p
you wanna hang out bro
jpaint here too

dont you dare
i mean who doesnt play on faerlina these days
progress is here
bakers
bipolar
smh used to be cozy lil place for me
1 million transfers later
jpaint even came
idk you got an example?
usually they run very caster heavy comps
and its probably worth
like lock stacks
triple mage comps
etc

top speedrun currently
doesnt run one
then theres 2 chinese guilds w affli
then
hannu btw
so idk is thsteal baiting or what
tbh I think our analysis of affli made some assumptions of comp and they have changed a bit
lots of 3 mage now
lots of heavy lock comps
its totally possible that affli  is worth
we never really said that affli is bad
we said that it doesnt increase raid dps in alot of comps
which was true at the time of our analysis
we more or less said if you have someone willing to play affli, go for it
but if you dont wanna play affli its nbd
applying this analysis to noobs logs
still makes affli sound not worth

365.33 dps from affli
but he could be in a cucked group right
like lets say we give him 10% more dps
for the ele + boomy
ok they dont run boomy
boomy
he didnt cast exhaust

o elements
wait wtf
3 elements?
anyways
you ccould see how if he was in a cucked group his affli might have been worth
its really close
somehow this log says he only cast elements twice
noobs cheating?
nno
ok
i had that weird expression filter on
he didnt cheat
he cast mroe when I take it off

and yea looks like the man cast it a fuck ton on trash
i dunno man its still p dam close
like its not worth w the basic analysis using expression
but consider this man probably spent whole raid wearing buff neck
eh only have the raid
meh its still p close and he doesnt use Siphon
I think affli can be worth if played well
how do you hve so much gear
are you a gdkp slut
leveltwenty is insane
im just happy mayhems not on top
autist lock
even relapse
pilavjr!
pilav owns loool
isnt like
the first one huge
the second one not so much
over hyjal ring
obvs for seed both are big
upgrades are like :
1. 4 pce
2. Weapon
3. Skull
4. Ring
rinig is good but its not better thanskull
and thats exactly what zephan sheet says
this section is p neat
leggings of channeled elements are basically equal to vestments
and hatefury is the second best offpiecce
whereas many thing cowl is
note how shit belt is
and boots are really small too
if you consider ZA option
it hurts to see FSW doing so much better than boots of blasting man
tailoring looking real nice atm
bombs are meh goggles are dead

yea nethervoid p dam good

mage gets considerably less from rings
spriest rings LMAO

they get the most from the ring tho
god zephan is bis
this sheet is amazing
idk
hit haste ring in ZA
def worth grabbing if your short on a ROAK
theres also great haste boots in ZA
which are only 10 dps off slippers
and bis for seed
a decent neck


for comparison
this simmed 1 more dps for zeph
but its clelarly worse for seeding pre-haste gems
shadow casters drape is your haste cloak option in ZA
which is quite nice as well


za has nice gear, I think its underrated
theres a ton of solid pieces there
primal gods the OH?
yea
thats nice too

nothing too amazing but its something for seeding
hmm
I wonder how Bowiz + Fetish stacks vs zdoom
on a 30 second pack
o very nice theres a 35 haste chest in za as well
boys ZA is like a full bis seed set for us
and HSH
ZA is fucking pog
i think everyone calls it catch up gear but that sells it short xelrog
theres a solid 5 bis seed pieces
a  bis trinket
yea but seed bis matters
if you call it catch up gear
it doesnt sound like its gonna be straight bis for all aoe
yea and I didnt call ZG catchup gear either
bloodvine was hard bis
for warlocks
its like a shit ton of straight upgrades
its not just "catchup"
in the past ppl have said like "ZA is HSH and some melee stuff"
but its much more than that
its like a whole rehash of your seed set
Based on the work done my Louki here : https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823476479550816266/941343928232341554, we can see that wearing pen and just nuking Gathios is at most a 4% loss of dps compared to a swap strategy.
This assumes perfect swapping, perfect debuff upkeep and  0 loss of uptime due to blessing spell warding, which is unlikely.
Zerevor can be hit with blessing of spell warding during the aura, which will cost you on average half a cast and forcing you to swap back to a mob with the aura anyways.
Blessing of spell warding also knocks off all debuffs, causing a loss in dps.
Because of these issues with swapping, its very likely that penetration is a better option than swapping on council on average.
However, there is still a chance you get lucky and get 0-1 blessings cast on the mage, which would in theory make blasting the mage/swapping a better high roll strategy, if threat allows. You can make your own decisions about which strategy is preferable for your guild.
if you want to prefer swapping, sure. 

But the vast majority of times it will be a dps loss, unless you get insane RNG on blessing of spell warding.
thats just the fact of it
also louki used unoptimal sets, you can defs close that 4% gap with better gearing
I dont think its easier. 

I also dont think its better.

But yea if you dont want to run pen gear thats fine
but take a look at your shadow weaving uptime
on zerevor
what happens when there is aura and blessing on zerevvor
now what do you do?
you just lose dps.
the thing is, most guilds can give you blue gems for free.
its quite easy to make the set
ye I just bought belt of blasting for 500 g
and have spellstrike pants
i mean do whatever you want but its not that bad
do you have a log of your raid?
check your weaving uptime
right, and in a not hardcore guild,, weaving on zerevor is typically bad
check how your weaving is doing
because pen can be much better if your spriest is bad
I have a bad spriest that sucks at swapping.
look at the diff in my parses
from using pen
here is my set
that I used
But I am improving it





And then :

if you have SS pants those can be good too
or FSW boots
arena pieces

full bis:https://seventyupgrades.com/set/6nzSNBGcEdyeE9s5rHeKCjv
pretty good set you might get by end of phase:
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/ccZLs92B3Uv18HDk21dJjP
lol not sure if hildi sim considers the meta requirement or not
you doing  enough iterations?
10k should be enough
it probably just doesnt know
p sure its VST if your facing teams where you think the VST is relevant
pipe otherwise
Skull was more a UA thing when I asked
shadow priest shadow weaving
send me your log
the shadow priest needs to keep weaving on mage AND the paladin
for swap to even be viable
no he needs to constantly monitor the weaving and keep it up
the magic shield knocks weaving off
so he has to put it back up right away
and that doesnt normally happen
well, you can hope your spriest does good job
or
just use pen

check your uptime
like this
on log
well its hard man, he has to basically watch both mobs at all times
pen is just easier
and better for him to pump too
with pen, I dont have to rely so much on my spriest
here is progress uptime
~80%
it will never be 100%
this is why pen is good
yea you cheeky doom i thought for sure
even if your not assigned
Hmm if your p1 is < 1 min do you agony and doom last second?
uhh no I didnt link it either someone else did I just looked at it
someone make pen command before we have to do it all again today
MODS
Blow I had a dream last night
and that dream was spriests replacing all their gear in ZA
god not ryu
not like dis
i just want some easy to digest command I can spam whenever some idiot recycles the same old points
yea well

ryu be shilling mage swap
but
his spriest be like
nah
meanwhile me a pen believer

from  0 to hero
no time flat
https://tenor.com/view/zerotohero-zero-hero-disney-hercules-gif-4626063
zero to hero
just like that
this where im at
@Blow Ryu has 4 pce too.
If you have 4 pce, your likely to shilll for no pen
and its likely a better strat, for you, until you get a good pen set to shape around your 4 pce
but the fact is the man has 4 pce, a ~300 dps gain on sims and is losing to my brain dead ass spamming bolt w pen
so if you are a non pen believer
you will have chrom aura on the 1 min boundary half the time

if its devo aura open, you want to delay your doom cast by ~30 seconds so you dont get partials
if its chrom aura open you can doom on pull
and example of what will happen if you doom into aura :
vs me, a pen believer:
yawn
The community doesnt have a constant urge to go for whats "easiest". They have a constant urge to go for what is best. It just turns out that standing under a tree on archi is easy AND OP.

But thats not necessarily the case for something like say triple cleaving council.
Not really
are you taking a shot at me while having me blocked lmao
todays my day for doom hopefully I parse good
I dont get 2 lusts and doom assign every week like some
or a 4 pce
I find it funny  how rank 1 world is a pen believer ðŸ˜›

hes using crusade darkmoon card too monkas
chad or?
I think he literally regemmed for the fight
and then ungemmed after the fight
not full bis
but yae
nutters gear
cloak as well
yes hes fire
Hes doing 300 more dps than best arcane mage as fire spec
and yet you know
"fire bad arcane good"
meh its just completely diff situation
imagine getting 3 lusts and doom every week
eventually you gonna high roll like crazy
mayhem cant even do basic shit like use slammer on anetheron, he just blasts shit and hopes to high roll
it doesnt tho
he got slept
and his mate got 100
gas gas is pumpin tho I respect it
we need more shameless triple lusted warlocks
to put mages in the dirt
so you will gain what 20 dps?
anyways leveltwenty is just better
more dmg than gasgas less lusts
foolipe was here yesterday telling us his cooked mage arguments against kiting council scan
and then when he was shown to be completely full of shit
he started bloodvine baiting
and left
everything he said
1. Mage tank loses 1700 dps - shown to be closer to 900 dps
2. Kiting makes rogue take less BOPs (this is actually pinned in mage disc but is just not true lmao)
3.
what was 3 again it was funny
o yea
3. NOTA lost dps doing kite strat - shown that NOTA is running splits and doing 7 min kills
like completely cooked arguments
and after seeing this he just starts spamming bait and runs away
mentally stable mage moderator
yea im not a big shill for kite strat or not they have advantanges and disadvantages
but what was funny was mage mod coming in here spewing full on bullshit
then getting mad
and running away
maybe we got it deleted
Theres videos in the research channel but I really couldnt care less about seed bug
lol
bait bait bait
mages malding every day
noone cares
how is that taking the bait lol
the gap between mage and lock is rapidly closing - I think its mainly an issue of thousands of locks getting gear it will probably take a good while for that to reflect on averages of logs
its a sliver right now
but this is what happens if I isolate high item level parses


its still a  long road for many in guilds with 4+ llocks
like we are 4 weeks in
most ppl have mayb 1 full tier set
so your average warlock still doesnt have tier set
same 0 4 pce in guild currently
across 2 raids
anyways I think the item level parses show the writing on the walls ðŸ™‚
your  days to bait are numbered
soak em up
on encounters on trash?
you mean both?
yea idk mayb mayb not
seen plenty of locks win in good guilds on overall
seen plenty of mages win
well
haste gear right
mage hits haste cap
locks aoe keeps scaling w more and more haste
not this phase
might be more a za thing yea
yea
!hastecap
yea but whats your most geared lock even packing
its 4 weeks in
yea  mayb beating mages on aoe is more a thing in sunwell/za/never
more haste there
and thats more when you will hit up the haste cap wall
the slower you run the better mages will do too
if your very fast they get less cds
less manan
do your warlocks even optimze for AOE?
Im pushing starting to push 7k on average hyjal pack
for lock tanking?
I thought "noone" lock tanked
or is that  SSC
then he wouldnt get a cut
nah
pally is 100% fine
lock tank is safer for gdkp
threat is safer
gdkp prot palas
sketchy
yea just depends on yur tank
i fucking hate spriests
who was it that posted ZA seed set last night
fira?
it was soild

Only good warlock is tv man
Its wild like you think game is easy , its a joke how is this the same tbc?

Then you get in these pugs and you are like "okay yea i remember this"
My buddy wiped for hrs on kt last night in pug
parse meta dead?
haste % meta on?
is it ST set or seed set
how bout dis meta
message length parse is cringe mayhem simping
but actually yea
I suggested that long time ago
xelrog
is
padder
mmm
true
gotta let me pad w skull
or this meta is trash
wat
ok idiots
time for wordle
deleting spoiler
i never seen the op word fail before
hunter is alot if they go hard
scrolling pet
dark runes
but they can also get away w being cheap
do healers stilll spam distilled wisdoms
too many healers in raid then
cut em
no but theres elixir

@GAMING WARLORD
lol its so bad
but kinda fitting for the final form
well it made sense when it was like wizard hat on the T4 face
looked like a black mage from FF


LOL
but its also kinda bis right
!avatar @Ghostowl
!avatar @Skycrab
!avatar @Mentis
god dammit mentis
wtf
!spen
!spenis
!jpenis
unlucky
what server
crix is great lol
more ppl should make their own not just google fuccking skycrab
or ghostowl
like how lame can you be
or anime simp
okay well you did too good a job
you need to be more scuffed

yo its p cute
ghost owl

yea he lied
wat
hmm
whos the best anime healer
for healspls
I saw it
pls ban
anime isnt actually banned anymore
its normalized
I post jpaint anime shit all the time
https://tenor.com/view/anime-meme-gif-22067812
cheer me on
for raid tn
dont think its possible w/o 4 pce
ðŸ˜¦
deleted because im scared of the flying crab
channeled
by a good margin
owo
delete that
actually not encouragin you fucks
fuck you
raid in 10 min
im playing the entire Need For Speed Underground 2 soundtrack
!rearview
wack
blow is such a zoomer he probably never even played NFSU2
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u1nsXxeuz4o
hit a speedbbump 3 ppl missed raid sadge
mayb next doom week
no ret no sham
we stopped at mother for trash farm tho
kinda pog
also gratz ben huge cowl
Could I do mother trash w a mage friend
would it be worth
some ledge I step on and off?
skull is so good
anyone know things about soloing BT trash
I  wonder if theres a tech I can do w mage friend
to farm the mother trash
got links to good VODs?
and can we get a good  speedup doing it together?
like blizz + seed sounds real nice
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ooyFDgfGfo
Is this tthe best way?
can you do the other trash like this?
like the big packs
do you have a video
I dont want to  do the jump spot
I want to just run and dot
o yea
im thinking mayb just  solo
NOW
i like  doing sm  ds things
ill do your way if not but Id like to see dot and run
can you kill the aoe packs that way?
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y8eZYbicz5g

Comments say it doesnt work anymore tho
so is it possible to kill the aoe packs or not
or just single hosts / stewards
TY
lol
the mayhem legion

what claims
lol o
yea we wiped on teron
We had 3 missing ppl start of raid
2 for rest
no ret no sham sad
but reason we wiped teron is the guy said he insta died in ghost?
like he hit nova and the aoe and then died
We didnt clear not because of Teron wipe but because we were missing ppl and wanted to farm mother trash
@Blow
Mayhem horny tho I like it
maybe in 3 weeks ret and shaman will come to raid for doom week
70 is  what it says on guides
mantis
why does cered love you so much
you flirted once didnt you
cmon bro
he doesnt just crush so hard outta nowhere
yo
is Jolibee good
should I order it
what do I order
my friend says its pog
that spaghetti looks sketchy as hell
but apparently its great
look how sketchy it looks
but apparently its bomb
im just so nervous what to order
really?
dam
CAD everything is expensive
youd say same thing about macdonalds prices
i already pinged you idiot
go find
a large macdonalds in the states is massivve
and you can get a 20/40 pce mcnugg
for under 10 dollar
so waitt a minute
you tryna come at me for wiping on gorefiend
because your main fucking tank doesnt have pet bars on
nice player
i was p sad last night finally doom week
no ret
no shaman
cucked run
try again in 3 weeks
but skull is super strong
feels great
kekl
so is fury lol
brain dead retard friendly class
I mean we were missing 1 ret 1 resto shaman and we got him to lik 1%
it was close but no you dont have to be 10 min kill
mayhem uses 3rd one
its worth I think
but its cringe
nah using that neck is super lame man
some things just are too cringe
not anymore
no he didnt?
our issue is the tanks spread the mobs so far apart and we dont get to seed alot of the trash you guys do
Im working on it
hes a good hunter tho
i havent played dota in a long long time
gratz dude!
hey hey
FSW boots
back to tailloring
its better than engi anyway
oof
k gg
foretelling are still trash compared to FSW tho
nah
thats not the play
haste ring shits on shoes and belt
yes
FSW boots is like 30 dps ahead tho
of blasting
if your not using hit
now you are
get back to it chap
he  has mantle
thats the funny part
relvled engi for bombs in hyjal???
why bro
i guess rocket boots
lmao no its not
in a month maybe
its week 5 right
yes hannu
yea so one lock having 4 pce is normal by now
thats one in 3-4 locks per raid
thts not normal
you are looted af bro
we still have  shoulders in our raid
1 pala shoulder
but yea
I mean its getting there
but no right now, its not normal to have 4 pce
and your cooked for thinking that
having 4 pce skull and ring is like top 1% geared lock
easily
yes
no
lol
being full bis is like top 0.001%
with bellt and haste cloak
you are far mroe looted than the average warlock hannu
that is straight fact
yes you probably are man.
I think he is yes
skull and 4 pce and ring
is fatter than mayhem
hannu have you raided on that toon w that gear yet
whats your avverage item levell
I willl prove it to you
dam

hannu is roughyl 139 item level I wager

this guy is 138
similar gear to hannu
even tho hannu has ring
so hannu is probably 139
lets say
number of parses in last week w any item level

1600000

138-140 ilvl
thats top 1.25 % hannu
I told you bro
20000/1600000 = 0.0125
@Hannu you are the 1%
cant believe you are more looted than mayhem
how the fuck did you convince your guilld to do that shit
just cooked funneled bros thinking they are good at game and not funneled but totally funneled
im jk a bit tho ofcc theres splits and ofc some ppl are just lucky
but if your lucky
you recognize that
and dont deny bein top 1% geared

anyways
you love to see this boys
this is what 138-140 ilvl llooks like
back on top of mages
rogues and furies
in shambles
fuck off louki I aint crying I had a blast w just my skull last night
IDK im just being a realist louki
hannu is top 1% geared
thats true
dont get your panties ina  bunch over it
hows your gear?
you aint got shit?
rip
why
chad tbh

which of these chads is you

rough Louki
that is so rough
listen here you little shit
you are starting to piss me off
just saying hey and running away
stay a while bitch
its called teasing
and hes been teasing too much lately
but I did get  to see jpaint go off about mages in /say in org
it was so hot
i picked that up this week too
Yea Louki I respect your mission
you should one -up yourself and just put on full on P1 gear
hey
you have dagger bro stfu
jpaint basically logs in to faerlina 1x a week, grumbles under his breath about his gear while  he buys consumes in org, if a mage crosses his path while walking from  AH he screeches at them "Imagine playing a mage in 15 year old game", then flies off to felwood to farm runes becauuse hes dead broke, raids for 2 hrs, gets no loot, rages, logs out and repeat
and I love him
and every minute of it
@jpaint if you dont even reply to that im done
lol who did you ban
would you want to come to some shitty gdkps
mayb you can get some gear
we been running SSC TK 2x a week
~800 g payout
nothing special but its good times
top dps bonus cut I think you make like 1500! @jpaint
and obviously you wouldnt lose to me right
well jpaint might get some upgrades in SSC TK
have you seen his gear
im just tryna have fun w you lad
bro
Kentoe
I was farming shards
and Kentoe comes in swoops in and straight yoinks my mob bro
undead bastard fucking eats the thing in front of me too
is this normal <plugged up> stuff in whatever server you are from @jpaint ? Just fucking stealing mobs from other warlocks? Dont even /inv them?
we dont do that in Faerlina alright
Look davos if anything your the lockcord retard
Hannu mayhem and myself have all had a myriad of good takes
Who are you
Just some guy shitposting
Exactly
You are a lockcord npc
in between our shit posting we have all contributed SOMETHING that isnt just shit post
I aint seen shit from davos
just sayin
I think Hannu and Mayhem are both funnier than me
But I also think they cap more
ok true
Hannu and mayhem kinda play a character
I am actually just fucking like this
lol
idk if that is good or bad
but its true
he is
You havent known Hannu enough then
he was like this in fight club too
he makes omega baits but they are usually hilarious
and hes lauighing at home a bout it
even if hes somewhat srs
idk what ego id shit means
I can put together a compliation of hannu's character later
Mayhem is like 90% in character, Hannu maybe more like 50%
hannu is actually joking ALOT of the time
it just comes off genuine
this is what got him banned in fight  clubb
he actualy had 5head baits but it was too much for FC degens
its the same thing here
thats right hannu
what actually did get you banned hannu
what was the hill you died on
oooo I actualy do vaguely remember that now
k nvm
I think hannu did pop off w some retard shit
ok
yea idc
the trouble w hannu is its  very hard to tell when hes capping and when hes 100% srs
like he can say something like "Mages literally do 0 more dps with skull"
and he might be srs
and have some cooked sims he believes
or he might be baiting
and then you have to ask him
and hes like too high to reply
and your like k
mayhem you can tell hes insanely cocky but also insanely cap
yes
me im just being me most of the time tbh
I only bait in spriest/magecord
like I will actually admit I am wrong if I end up being wrong
have you ever seen mayhem
admit to being wrong
ever
he literally left disc last time
instead of just manning up
Hannu is a bit more 50/50
what the fuck is Id and ego tho
i do like cocaine and sex
k
i am ID Mayhem is superego and Hannu is ego
IMO
hannu = fin
Mayhem = austria
Heals = canada
lol
yea mayb I dont understand psych enough idk
freud is a quack anyway right
@Hannu what % of your posts do you think are genuine or cap?
I am reliquary of souls because I shit on spriests
@Ryusei deserves
I miss you
even if your a pen denier
how to reset reliably ?
mother trash
we got it
gj
yo what are yalll smokin atm
can I have some
absolutely disgusting
see like this is when you cant tell if hannnu is capping or not
and you think hes not
but ???
theres lots of good gear in ZA
like full seed set
trinket
if you dont get  BT bis, boots are good/cloak good
when does hannu get healer haste cloak
top 1% gear isnt enough
he needs top 0.1%
whats the proper way to say this in french

its cajun french bro
Is it Mardi Gras ATM
yes its mardi gras
and hence dive's gif
wait so does that mean if I flash lockcord I get Beads roll
Feel like I have to test
are you familiar with the degneracy of mardi gras ryu
basically its just lots of boobs and drunk ppl so maybe its the same
think france would be more good food
less boobb
mayb not in quantity but at least in volume
ok back to no degen happy lock cord
how are you ryu I see you got a 4 pce and been pumping and reject spell pen and I disapprove but I am ok w that
post it simon!
mardi gras might be the pinnacle of this  effect
my man
I been considering making the move to MSD. DId you do some analysis before making that call?
i went from zero to hero w spell pen, its very strong if your spriest is not keeping weaving up , iits still quite strong anyway but its even stronger in weaker guilds
hell yea
See Louki's post in #tbc-research
and yea its JUST for council
or I have this pasta I have been using when ppl have a big argument about it for fiftieth time
Based on the work done my Louki here : https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823476479550816266/941343928232341554, we can see that wearing pen and just nuking Gathios is at most a 4% loss of dps compared to a swap strategy.
This assumes perfect swapping, perfect debuff upkeep and  0 loss of uptime due to blessing spell warding, which is unlikely.
Zerevor can be hit with blessing of spell warding during the aura, which will cost you on average half a cast and forcing you to swap back to a mob with the aura anyways.
Blessing of spell warding also knocks off all debuffs, causing a loss in dps.
Because of these issues with swapping, its very likely that penetration is a better option than swapping on council on average.
However, there is still a chance you get lucky and get 0-1 blessings cast on the mage, which would in theory make blasting the mage/swapping a better high roll strategy, if threat allows. You can make your own decisions about which strategy is preferable for your guild
are you a cajun french
is there a hidden mardi gras role if I DM you bobs
yea SR on azgalor is dog
the tidewalker neck is "good", but if you get a RNG resist even once, it beccomes pretty bad
the math was done once...
basically ghost equated SR to haste in rough terms for the fight
and it was a big fat L
bbut if you equate the silence neck to haste , it is "bis" by a bit. 

However, if you get a single binary resist, the silence neck value goes way down
just get silence DIed its the only way or try to high roll a resisit
IDK try SR out if you want man I did and it felt bad
Ghostowl did math and its bad
so
idk I think that fight is just RNG chase
have to ask ghost for it probs
its shadow right
thats like
the whole poiint
last night we farmed mother trash and got a ROAK, we were able to devise a way to kill the AOE packs fast w just 7 ppl it was fun
last night we farmed mother trash and got a ROAK, we were able to devise a way to kill the AOE packs fast w just 7 ppl it was fun
it was tricky bro I never used my felhunter dispel so much as last night
we did it without a prot paladin
no prot paladin
we were killing the mother AOE packs with small group
yea breaking polys
the mobs do a mind control, and if you dmg that mob it breaks
so when you pull w like 5 ppl
if you arent doing aoe dmg quickly everyone is MCed
so we had a priest spamming holy nova, a mage spamming R1 AE, so he woulldnt rip, and I had to break their sheeps.

Eventually the bear we had would get enough threat ffrom POM / Earth Shielld for us to aoe the pack down
it was like survive w dispells and light aoe >  nuke phase
you dont notice this mechanic w prot pala because consecrate breaks all the mind controls
but without a prot pally we had to be creative
i was like weaving R1 rain of fire to brbeak MC
no the MC
the sheep is dispel
the MC is break w dmg
yep it just insta breaks from all the conssec/aoe dmg in a big raid
when you pull them w 5 ppl
you will see the MC
very fast
it doesnt wipe threat I dont think
but basically since we didnt have a consecrate we had every spamming low rank AE while the bear built up threat
sulf slammer might work, but dmging the mobs was our strat
dmg the MCing Mob it breaks your mc
so holy nova was perfect
so need one holy nova one other healer to do it with bear basically
and then a couple casters to kill the pack
once bear has threat
the bear was perma stunend
his threat was purely POM Earth Shield
and a MD
its like stall 20 s while bear builds enough> nuke w seeds
yea it was really fun
cool
yea that will help a bit
I dont know how hunters work can they only use one trap
we were doing explosive trap MD
yea I mean if you have pala tank its p trivial IMO
but if you hit that mob it insta breaks
so as long as you get clean pull onto a consecrate
you have the hunter send pet and run out of range
so that he is the only MCable target
then the prot pala pops out around the corner
puts consec down
any stragglers can be broken by your dps
little rank 1 rain of fire is what I do
but w bear
you need to sustain the breaking of MCs without consecrate
and gather threat on the bear
POM + Earth shield actually insane threat
yea mayb for some comps
ye fun times
doom/agony is a solid dps gain.

If you are asking if you can pump/parse without it, the answer is yes.
any dececnt raid would only ever bring max. 1 aff lock, and they would ALWAYS be elements
this means that outside of a few cheesers, most good parses are done w elements
and its completely possible to parse with elements
the dots are boosted in aff tree bro
theres a number of talents that buff the dots
your using corr as affli for sure
imp corr
emp corr
contagion
im not sure what your arguing tbh
ofc
the whole point is for the raid
duh
how much dps you lose w that ZD?
yea sounds like a group that gives all loot to spriest
givving hit to a prot paladin
nerfs his eye of mag
imagine prot pala even getting spriest
yea hes omega cringe we get it
bet hes running 12 SP reds in all his gear too
straight from the gbank
its not bis tho
its just parse chasing pala cringe
lol
hes using oranges
everyone in the guild likes loot
I mean they prob still decent for threat
but
why does he need more threat?
gotta love when the tank doesnt know the basic mechanics
that he needs to know
all loot tank prio tho
no I dont know the mehcanics ill figure them out on your time
but give me loot
oof
criminal
no its actually probably completely fine
but
sad
making your arms do all this tank shit is a lil yikes too imo
fury has better threat  your arms doesnt play arms to be your tank bitch
fury gets all the simp treatement
he can fucking tank some shit
tanking in arms is aids
tanking second add
then your not putting up debuff
if its an off add it should def be fury
you talking about elementals?
yea you could do that
or your fury could tank smh
yea for ele id prob agree stabil
but ppl make arms tank all kinds of shit
and forget they give debuff
while fury just acts like full blown dps diva
fury should tank off adds not arms in general
not arms
ppl make their arms kick on council
and lose 4%
fuck that  shit
well some ppl dont have rogues
uh no
only my deep wounds
does the debuf
if you making me kick bot im just playing fury tbh
and ill kick bot in that spec
kicking as arms is such a dps loss
fuck that shit
the fury can fucking kick and still dps too
furys that expect me to completely ruin my rotation to keep up demo and TC
i might as well just play fury
fuck that
it really was
slam is good tho idk why ppl think its not
obvs it loses to glaives kebab
cause they are too shit
you mean
yea
i mean if your too shit to slam
you can fucking tank shit
and demo
kebab means demo and tclap is as easy as fury
what does whinging mean
look if your a shit warrior you will hate slam spec because you have to play nearly perfect to get a good parse
and most ppl are shit warriors that ccan only play by spamming their 3 buttons
to play slam proprely you need to have really good reaction times
you literally cannot be brain dead
arms is annoying for floor inspector
defs a floor insprector spec
theres no innnate threat reduc in the spec -  only melee spec to have nothing
and its burst oriented
you dump all your dmg in sweeping window, split between two targets
tanks should just get good tho
just saying
ye
haha
im p sure arms is dead by sunwell anyway
im building up fury set at this point
yep
well
almost noone wants to play arms bro
they will all quit for a fury spot
in a jiffy
yea
i mean whatever floats your boat
play how  you want
yea but who has 400 ms delay
are you a senior citizen
haha
it just makes me sad that most warriors basically refuse to learn their class beyond the vanilla rotation
Rampage should be good in speedruns too
but ppl too shit to play it
and arms slam is fun
pvp warr is fun
but a ton of furys just wanna press 3 buttons
they dont taunt
they dont disarm
they dont aoe taunt and call for bop
they are just retards man
yea
it makes you so much better to play w all 3 stances and actually use the kit
yea I bet 90% of furies dont do that at all
it doesnt proc wf
i think hammy fill is p bad tbh
it can proc sword spec
if fury cant keep up demo
no raid spot
actually
bear should demo lets be honest
:p
stabile tanked lockcord PTR w no sunders
he doesnt need his GCDs
i will demo if fury tclaps
otherwise you can lick mine
if you dont want tclap
thats a diff convo
but if you dont want tclap why you need demo
dont you just lose rage w both things
ik
ik
ok so if your not tclapping
you can demo
as fury
instead of ruining my fucking rotaiton
the dps loss for fury to demo is like 5 dps
my dps loss is like 100
furies that think arms should demo simply dont know how to play arms
and dont understand how much it cucks them
if its kebabtard then sure he can demo
yea well
they lose almost no dps
they can suck it up
lil whiny bitches
dps divas
haha
tru bro
no I dont hate fury I hate that they think because they are playing fury they get to be the center of attn in raid
and refuse to do any thing that isnt smashing their dps buttons
yes
your job is to bbreak my seeds and taunt when I rip
figure it out
lel
I did 27 haste and 11 MRP last BT
I prefer MRP on cleave trash as arms
keeps you ccleaving
you dont have an OH to get rage
you have to just hope for sword spec procs off cleave
yea fuck furies who think that shit
yea this is one thing our guild is chad at
we pull 3 packs like idiots
but the aoe taunt bop calls are on point
ye
fucking monkeys
but they get 99s and tihnk they are good at game
and have delusions of grandeur
demand loot
act like king dick
if only
lol
yea locks w no weaving no curse assign
locks are shit in vanilla but their shit level is overrated
by the comps ppl ran
some ppl can only play the game if they get to meter chase
some ppl are more based than that
you can be competitive and understand you owned everyne
without being tip top
i had the chaddest twister in all of vanilla
he was my lover
and my friend

my baby
I love him forever
never forget
just use 2 same speeds and twist
my resto sub enh gets top 5 parses on the regular
using fist of reckoning OH
in P3
get good then bitch
theres no way its actually hard to twisit
or hard to play spriest
or hard to play arms
compared to modern MMORPG rotations
ppl are just literally dogshit meter whores
doubt it
mayb if you dont have many good trinkets
yae but bbears are swapping abacus/kiss on trash
I just think warr has too many options
badge double BLB tsunami
DST
shit tank
shaggy trinket swaps
but hes shit at everything
which means hes good
because hes aussie
and its backwards
you just press buttons?
but your on the left of the chart right
yea kinda
I saw your coil clip Ben
"good job sarah"
https://clips.twitch.tv/PoorSpineyPorpoiseOneHand-ViowrP56pED_EvLw
did you see this stabile loool
is that ben getting the far disciple
yea why do they hate purples you should be worshipped for th 4 pce skulldan you are
dam
nic e
yea idk our naxxes were scuffed
just wahat I dug up
theres some really nice ones from MC
you know what I hate
when i seed and theres 3 fucking tanks in the raid
and not a single one presses taunt
and they scream at purples
like monkey ass tanks think their job is to do 3 button rotation on one mob that was assigned to them
and dont even look at what is ripping and taunt
and then flame ME
fuck that shit
its just easy to flame purples and browns
but noone wants to flame tanks or heals
because drama
yes but your voice is succulent and your accent is sexy
so ppl just enjoy it
if you comm it it gives you good plausible deniablity
yea some parse chasers in good guilds are just used to everyone else doing mechanics for them
yea because they dont actually know ppl are going to rip because they arent looking at threat/the raid / anything
just their bars
sometimes you just cant know that
threat meter doesnt show that your tank  just ate three parries before you have hit mob
it only shows once you land the 8k bolt
ofc
yes both sides can be at fault
but typically only one side gets the blame
yes
your raid makes fun of purples ben
you did something
you fucked up bro
How much dps  you lose w zdoom next week i wonder.... Should we do an over under
Well see
I mean tetsu was in a comp where he himself was basically useless
Not the warlocks
So he can call it cope but that prolly has something to do w it
And they are easily the best performing guild in tbc
Hmm
Interesting hey
So you leave every raid?
you guys shouldnt make fun of ahlaundoh
he is going to play lock in WOTK
and pioneer the parsing meta for us
so we get all the tricks
why the fuck are you guys evn typing and not playing elden ring
elden transcends dark souls
if you liked the star wars one
this shit is crack
"Based on the work done my Louki here : https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823476479550816266/941343928232341554, we can see that wearing pen and just nuking Gathios is at most a 4% loss of dps compared to a swap strategy.
This assumes perfect swapping, perfect debuff upkeep and  0 loss of uptime due to blessing spell warding, which is unlikely.
Zerevor can be hit with blessing of spell warding during the aura, which will cost you on average half a cast and forcing you to swap back to a mob with the aura anyways.
Blessing of spell warding also knocks off all debuffs, causing a loss in dps.
Because of these issues with swapping, its very likely that penetration is a better option than swapping on council on average.
However, there is still a chance you get lucky and get 0-1 blessings cast on the mage, which would in theory make blasting the mage/swapping a better high roll strategy, if threat allows. You can make your own decisions about which strategy is preferable for your guild."
make it a command mods so we dont have to argue
!tag + spen "Based on the work done by Louki here : https://discord.com/channels/253210018697052162/823476479550816266/941343928232341554, we can see that wearing pen and just nuking Gathios is at most a 4% loss of dps compared to a swap strategy.
This assumes perfect swapping, perfect debuff upkeep and  0 loss of uptime due to blessing spell warding, which is unlikely.
Zerevor can be hit with blessing of spell warding during the aura, which will cost you on average half a cast and forcing you to swap back to a mob with the aura anyways.
Blessing of spell warding also knocks off all debuffs, causing a loss in dps.
Because of these issues with swapping, its very likely that penetration is a better option than swapping on council on average.
However, there is still a chance you get lucky and get 0-1 blessings cast on the mage, which would in theory make blasting the mage/swapping a better high roll strategy, if threat allows. You can make your own decisions about which strategy is preferable for your guild."
Wym
ok ok bro edited
someone else can do the writeup better
Im not sure how to do the edits you want skycrab
I did post it without !tag above
"Based on the work done by Louki in #tbc-research, we can see that wearing pen and just nuking Gathios is at most a 4% loss of dps compared to a swap strategy.
This assumes perfect swapping, perfect debuff upkeep and  0 loss of uptime due to blessing spell warding, which is unlikely.
Zerevor can be hit with blessing of spell warding during the aura, which will cost you on average half a cast and forcing you to swap back to a mob with the aura anyways.
Blessing of spell warding also knocks off all debuffs, causing a loss in dps.
Because of these issues with swapping, its very likely that penetration is a better option than swapping on council on average.
However, there is still a chance you get lucky and get 0-1 blessings cast on the mage, which would in theory make blasting the mage/swapping a better high roll strategy, if threat allows. You can make your own decisions about which strategy is preferable for your guild."
@Skycrab
is this what you want?
go tease cerede again and pretend you didnt
mages made liar pin to denounce kite strat.
Foolipe comes here telling us how bad kite strat is. All of his reasons are debunked. He starts spamming about how bad locks are and how good mages are, then leaves. 

so basically just mages are being deluded by mage mafia again
becacuse  they dont like the strat
indeed brother
NOTA kites as well
dam dude
thats fast
3:40 and louki has  0 gear
hes ballin on a budget
do you have any general tips/tricks for the strat
any louki sauce
If course
bros i contributed
yes
studio
but I mean its as much the same game as like zelda ocarrina of time is same as majoras mask
and w bloodborne and sekiro its branching out into slightly diff territory
Dark souls stories link
sekiro/bloodborne are independent
Elden Ring is independent I believe
that sht dont fuck around
its basically breath of the wild to dark souls 1's ocarina of time
but on crack x 10
im sure ppl are doing no hit run but idk if speedrun is fleshed out
everything is changed from beta
so probably not a proper route yet
same
wwell I like Dark souls best not BB
i like RPG  elements
BB is no RPG elements
Sekiro combat wasnt for me
But Elden has ramped up the RPG aspect and then some
way more caster builds
way more spells
summoner spells
I just dont like how sekiro forces you into a Rock Paper Scissors game
Dark souls you have more freedom in how you personally kill the content
sekiro poise?
idk how that works
i didnt get very into it
okay yea
yea
it just feels weird man
not my thing
sorry couldnt resist @Bael
but I think I bored Cerede away
im honored to be below jpaint not trying
does Jaina's 100% spirit buff do all spirit or just base stats
well
jpaint exalted me
he didnt let me exalt him
but thats what I wanted
he let the jaedenar fel stalkers watch too
bump
pls answer my question
dirty
wym
you want to pull the boss p deep anyway
to get all the NPCs fighting
cant you start in range of boss
and then like blink to jaina
you sure?
we havve basically same killtime as you juju
and we drag it back
yes but
you dont actually lose dps dragging anetheron back a few step
i dont think it actually matterss if you drag ally camp bosses back a bit
where re you dragging
and where are you saying to kill @Louki
yea locks sscale insanely this phase
who woulda thunk
you mean your lock toon tho or a lock in your raid @Blow
thought you raided this week already
o your juts trying to rub it in that he has TOC and you have zhardoom gotcha
I wonder who has zhardoom in this pic


ssimilar kill time
so you lose 110 dps since last phase?
link that log analyzer spriessts usse

213 ms thats that grandpa calculator working
you dying has nothing to do w you clipping MF and losing 10 dps
basically you lost everythiing you woulld gain from zhardoom
well review your performance nexxt week in BT
fury is simple
cd timing
CPM
thats it
I think doom is accceptable on ROS you just have to play it right
even w rreflected deaden
if your gonna die to doom tick healthstone
stall your cast a second
and then keep going
deaden doom shouldnt be a one shot
deaden doom will hit you for like 13k max so it might one shot you
yes so 13k
could one shot you
do you need HS in p3?
for what?
meh
never had that issue
they get full mana
k well get healers that dont sleep
idk
never seen no bullsshit like that
wathc next raid ill die to it
becausse I said thiss
anyways seed in P2 is 5head
im doing that
deaden> seed>pump
i just looked
theres 2 deaths
both healers
they can nightmare seed
or HSQ
HS
im seeding in P2
thats an option yea
but p niche scenario thatss gonna be worth
just make your healers chain off lockss
they take the most dmg anyways
yea you buy an earthshield ofc
also our priest runs the pvp set that lowers shield cd on that fight
its broken in P1
and p nice P2
fuck em
mayhemism
there he iss
he reading this rn pretending he got me blocked

mayhem legion=clowns lost ark knows
you think a spriest gains more dmg from ES than lock on that fight?
They jussts kill themselves anyway
I doubt it bro they do like 30% of warlock dps
just like the ring right
loool
okay so your losing dps then
to "gain" earth shield
its 30% pushback reduction for everyone
its literally just 30% dmg increase
dont let spriests tel lies
30% of your dmg is way more tahn the spriest
earth shield
30% less pushback
for eitehr class
whatever
o you have a mind flay?
do you get pushback on dot stoo?
only one dot
ahh
ok that actually makes sense
yea i was
isnt pushback based on dmg dealt tho
like a sbolt pushback is way thicker than a dot tick
alright im using immolate and agony in P2 what now spriests
hmm?
yea but its a massive gain then to get earth shield
because you can use your dots
which would normally be dps loss
but you have 0 pushback now
you will have 0 pushback on bolt and immolate w ES
and now I can cast immolate AND agony
also I cast bolt 24/7 spriest casts piddly dots
that are not pushed back
adress my argument
idk
yea im p sure I just dunked all you retards
suck mine
im not tryna get conc aura blow
im only talking earth shield
we would only want 30% to cap us anyway
hell yea
i agree w that
?
he has earth shield it says

is it? I assumed I could shadow ward the dmg
but I think no
I look logs it doesnt say its a dmg type
shamans just use this

jk
blacksmithin
is pushback based on dmg dealt

alright bro time to suck it up and wand and let the real casters have earth shield
mages still in denial
because if mages admit spen is good, then they admit kite strat is good
and that makes them mad
yea i have no idea if its right or wrong its only source of info I found so faar
yea ofc
the 2 thing must be wrong
but also I really dont think pushback is the same from all dmg
I swear a fat swing w a 2her is more pushback
than a little mob ticking me
but mayb its not
so how do you get less pushback that way exactly
because you have barely started casting next spell
so it only pushes you backa  sliver
rather than a full 0.5s?
ye
I thought it would extend the cast time
tru
if its 1 s of pushback per bolt vs 25% of a mindflay
idk fam
I think yall too quick to drink the spriest koolaid
they got their bone
its called zhar-fucing-doom
how many times do we have to throw bones to spriests
in TBC
just wondering
what is the number of bones a spriest needs
they take all sorts of suboptimal gear because they need bones
only person we bone more than the spriest is your mom
25% each dot tick
it would be
ya so you could just wand tho 
Wand is basically 50% pushback reduction right there
:p
im jk
give your spriest conc aura its fine
AHK hunter rotation in china
doing 4k dps on hunter
basically they are botting their rotation
all i see is a class that does such pathetic dmg idk why you would ever simp them
i crit for fuckin 20k on deaden

how many badges for a gem in swp
you just lust the warriors regardless
in execute
they get their cds 1x a fight
you dont need second lust to do that
if fight is less than 2 min lock bis
if fight is 2:30 lock bis
if fight is 3:30+ mayb warrior hunt

you made your toon like you hey
in ultimate femboy form
All I did was post an excerpt from priest guide in their disc
took a nap
wake up and muted
@Bael
lmao
muted for posting quote from his guide XD
i was taking a nap
yea but making literally lies in your guide and then muting anyone who calls you out
is something
nah I dont think so
its just not in these corrupt class disc mods interest to put numbers to back up their claims
yea i have no reason to post in priest disc anyways
Ring of Ancient Knowledge is absurdly good for Shadow Priests, and it isn't Unique, meaning you can and want to use two of them. This ring drops from Trash, which means it can potentially be farmed. Other classes want this, but none gain as much individually from it as Shadow Priests.
i have so much hit its fucked up bro
your cooked in the heart shaggy
you downvoted my suggestion too
yea nic fucking mod
srsly tho
all this hit is killing me
and I dont think theres even anything I can get to fix it really

mage wand is literlaly just worse
o yea I mean outside of raid
yea but thats not worth losing 7 SP for
o im just gonna wear T4 gloves too

not even better
ill sim that
but its almost surely not better
loot update my spen gemmed hatefury mantle sims better than 2 pce T4 above hit cap

but I simmed mantle of the malefic saw 300 dps upgrade
and im chillin
im starting to farm heroics for badges again yes honey I want haste gear next phase
theres actually so mucch badges we need
LMAO
!eldenring
alot of fucking badges
is ZA confirmed 1 each boss
even still im looking at 100s of badges
35 for this

75 for this
15 PER haste gem in SWP
need like 1 million of those
75 for this
60 for pvp
and then im also mindblown by this warr gear noone ever talks abbout ever
not even on the warr sim

yup^
25 for this

this w haste gem yum
this ring is good
i actually want this weap to transition fury
is it?

this is beter i think

150 badges for that ranged weapon
we had 2 complete 4 pce this week and im next
3/4
i got this in gdkp for 2k
and then I see I have to farm 150 badges anyway
monkaS but its worth the hunter salt
!8ball davos t6 soon?
@Davos srry
Who is super tech savvy and knows what Ineed to buy to use a controller on my PC for elden ring
do I just get a xbox controller and it works over USB?
id rather use playstation
eh in this phase the gear is no joke 600 dps of upgrades for locks
its massive
but yea the tier is nutters in retail
guys anybody know what I need to use PS controller w my PC
for elden ring
you dont play souls games on keyboard
they infamously are shit on M+K
yea you need to stop
tldr like 300 badges needed
i dont wanna wait to farm ZA and kara for that
75 haste pants 35 haste OH 75 haste trinket 60 pvp cloak 15 x like 20 for haste gems
ok so get 60 less
and get zhardoom
then you just need 150 for seed set bbis
you dont need anything davos you have been cursed  to be 0/4 no gear t5 leg forever
actually
in your case
you need like 400 badges
because you wont have T6
Cloak possibly
If no illi cloak
Ring
If no 2 roak

I pass it
Yea I put it last on loot list imma take toc
Nice
We still have ele boom spriest 2 locks regardless of what mages do
alot
i havent simmed it
simonize playing warlock is the best timeline
the dream
simonize finds how to proc dragonling
alas blizz has forsaken us on this one
you fuckin looted mate
is that highbrone cloak
ahh
someone elses pic tbh its a bit scuffed
wand too
and can do MSD easily w this gear
he been in this disc for ages he even made research post on threat trirnket
god shaggyu
you are the most cooked mod I ever seen
yea i mean
your admin tho
@Dive you can be most cooked admin i think, not sure
jpaint10
hit is a strong stat
honestly xelrog how dare you question it
how dare you
crogglaive
i heard theres a spec called arcane
but never seen it
162
132
god dammit shaggy
elixir of empowerment = 30 pen
major shadow power = 55 SP
you can use both
you lose 25 SP to get 30 pen
better value than even gems
s you use that
mark of illidari hello
wat
lol
yea not too shappy
chest is a bit sus but
you get t6 soon
boots of foretelling are a better slot in
and buying a second belt is decently cheap
then you dont have to blow gems into weird chest
mayb
cause once you get your tier youll want to use it
Eh it can be raid dps gain generally if you run 5+ locks
4 is a bit hairy
Or if you run say 3 mages and lack mana support to get value from veins... But fights p short now
One mag goes arcfire doesnt need vates
Other mages drink the vates
Thats basically what progress ran
It doesnt force mage off arcane just frost subspec so they lose coldsnap veins gain imp scorch imp flamestrike
Its not so bad as ppl make it out to be
we finally did no demon phase this week and I got free 99
no more SR gear tanking
second vestments are critted
it was really easy honestly we shoulda done earlier
but
tanks had issues w the P2 kiting so lusting P2 helped us get through
and demon phase is easy
so w.e
meh I have nothing to say in priest disc anyway but its the PRINCIPLE bro
muted for posting literallyy just quote from guide like that is a pure salt bullshit mute

lol
they decided to attack lock disc now
at least lock disc has accurate info
not liar guide
~35 dps from P2 bis 180 sec sim
and ofc much much more on AOE
Heres Loukis sim results tho

warlock^
Spriest
what is spriest
you were probably hoping to have some troll argument about why passion is actually justified I imagine but the numbers dont work in your favor
ye
unforch
muted for posting quote from guide that is all
is pure class disc moderator salt
at its finest
like the epitome of power tripping sensitive egos
iddqd
the first ring is p big
for everyone
yea I mean yyou are just CLCed ring and zdoom but your dmg hasnt changed at all
literally perfect example
of 0 scaling class
I do
I see huge increase from skull
roak sims almost as much as skull
and we are talking ROAK + zhardoom
that should be a noticeable gain
for any class that scales
100% you are mate
30 on average is alot more noticeable in practice
lmao you notice it for sure bro
rofl do we even play the same game
you notice those upgrades bro
LOL
you guys are fucking retarded
skull = 40 dps you notice it 100%
ROAK = 35 dps you WILL notice that
zhardoom = 40 dps you WILL notice that
you gonna not notice 3.5% haste?
you guys are actually retarded
all of vanilla shit simmed 40 dps better and it would be incredibly noticeable in practice, thats like DFT level upgrade
idk when you play warlock at least your dmg is just bolts its very noticeable differences to haste/SP
my warrior was tho
lmao
its lik 45 dps over last phase items
but if you compare to like this phase dagger and shit its less
"i didnt notice dft its only 40 dps upgrade"
Like you hav to be so high to not notice
esp on a warlock
yea and you are high as fuck stabile
lmao I mean if your argument is that the dps gain on an individuall boss fight week to week is within the margin of error and RNG for sure. but over a whole raid you fucking notice bro
im not capping at all
you dont have to believe me but you are straight up just fucking wrong
yes
on this take
100%
ZD sims 40 dps better and I instantly notice the difference, because not all fights are fucking 3 minutes long
you have 20 second pulls
where its WAY bigger dps gain
you have AOE pulls, where its WAY bigger dps gain
like a 40 dps upgrade on a 3 min sim is massive on a 30 sec fight
you guys are actually so fucking cooked rn
yes
so stop saying you wont notice it actually most cooked shit I have ever heard
it is
rofl
rofl
????
LOL
how the fuck can you be this cooked
like actually so fucking stupid
you know I meant something in the range of 30 seconds
if you dont notice a 40 dps upgrade on a sim over the course ofa  whole raid
you mayb shouldnt get gear at all
because you are just so high you arent even paying attn to your dmg
yea i mean spriest is different because that dps gain is based on a bot perfectly cancelling a mindflay to get extra tick off
in practice the fuck it up and get 0 dps
so sure they wont notice
but a warlock spamming bolt WILL notice, 100%
mayb if you have 20 rows on details
kekw yea Idc to argue w you anymore but you are 100% wrong
one extra cast of seed on a pull is astronomical gap between you and the other locks
you notice this as soon as you do hyjal waves
30 dps on a 3 min is way more on a 30 sec, or in your initial lust window, etc
you fucking notice
real quick
im saying you notice it in raid
you are saying you might not notice it if you compare two fights back to back
tahts the issue here
you are arguing that you wont see it on the simmed fight duration etc
im saying you WILL  notice it in raid 100%
i havent been
try reading
im arguing that 30 dps on average 3 min sim can be much more in practice
and you are arguing about errors and distribuitions
dam right you will
gg see you next week
and fuck you @KilLogic
yes you would
you would notice your crits spiking
to nnon before seen levels
you might argue that the actual dps gain on a 3 min fight is within margin of error
but youll noticec it
thank you ryu
i love you
you fucking notice 30 dps upgrades bro
mayb not in the simmed setting
but you notice
over the course of a raid
on short trash fights
when your dps spikes in lust window
when you crit for unbeforeseen dmg numbers
etc
crit RNG arguments sure, but you see some range of crit RNG over a raid
walk it back now
walk back your argument to something you can reasonably defend
like stabile did
see yea
gg
you notice when your fucking playing the game w your eyes open
your dps gain COULD get washed in crit RNG
but its very fucking noticeable
walk it back walk it back
yes it fucking is it has been my argument the whole time
a 1% increase isnt insignificant
now your all of a sudden saying "on a boss" after every statement
you already lost the argument
just accept it
admit that you WILL notice it in raid
yep. we agree
you have admitted I was right the whole time
see yea
no
no no no
instantly I made that argument
about the whole raid
about trash
about not every fight being a 3 minute sim
you guys may have chosen to not read or ignore that to continue your cringe attempt to win argument
but that was never the scope of this discussion
you are now trying to limit the scope
so you can preserve your ego
about "being right"

this is how it started

instantly I said its more noticeable in practice
the scope was NEVER limited to boss fights
yall fucking walked it back
the 30 dps number implies a simmed 3 min patchwerrk you NEVER see in raid
you cant just pretend that we are only talking about the simmed scenario
because you NEVER see the simmed scenario in raid
obviously we are talking about the diff between a sim and Real Gameplay
not fucking a sim and the closest available bboss fight to a 3 min PW
use your brain
you are making a disingenuous argument to try to maintain your ego
its ok to be wrong
YUP
love you ryu
yawn
whatever gets you to sleep at night
typically yes
not always
but typically
the tailedness of the distro can vary
all you do is post annoying nitpicks that are completely void of any actual intelligent contribution to discussion
lol
god I love when you all try to gang up on me and then my staunch warlock trainers arrive and tell you how retarded you all are
on ROAK specifically 30 dps is basically aveeraging in times you dont get a extra bolt with times that you do get extra bolts
so its more like sometimes 0 sometimes 60 dps
you notice shit like that
thats not what im saying
im saying its cringe you guys all try to gang bang me by nitpicking and pretending that we would ever even have a 3 min PW to compare to IRL
if you use your brain
and read the words I typed
you would clearly understand my point
but nah you guys try to gang bang me w your nit pick
fuck off bitches
sincve its rryu and louki now agreeing, your hesitant to be so agressive in your mockery of the concept
and forced to agree somewhat
because of the respect you your hold for those individuals
lets be honest

he just poked in and then noped out
because this convo is lame af anyways
you are just trolling the disc  and you know it.... you like to pretend your not trolling and call others cringe and shit but you do exactly the same shit
this
100% this
and its so god dam good
coooooping
ppl in class discs just love the gangbang
if presented the opportunity
they will circle jerk all over you
if anything you should respect me more for not bending over and ceding to your gaslighting
@Linelo
i have admitted I am wrong very many times
well
some ppl arent capable of doing this
actually most on class disc
when faced w the opportunity they instead derail and shift goal posts until they can feel okay about themsellves
I actually think I respect a good number of ppl here
I respect stabiles opinion, and I also respect him enough to tell him hes being retarded when he is
but yea I dont CARE what you all think of me or your opinion of me in general and I will argue my own points to the beat of my own drum
I wont bend over to yall gaslighting me about sim numbers translating to r eal life
drop mic
I can agree w this
that said, skull was 40 dps upgrade on sims and it in practice was very noticeable on my overall parses on bosses
skull is a special case tho
I think
for the record tho I did state this early into the convo, but you guys seized the opportunity to ignore my statements and gang bang on
god imagine lock talk w me but it devolves into flame war live
I just roll alive for setting up the most cringe parse conditions for himself
then I give ryu a hug
then I flirt w jpaint aggressively over his past takes
finally I simp crix's every word even tho hes cooked but just go off king
im fucking in it in elden ring
started wretch
finally found a greataxe
and axe talisman
and now I fuck
margit 1 shotted
well the beauty of wretch is not knowing where anything is and making shit work for yourself
but yea it would be fun to play through start w magic or a proper setup or w.e
I spent first 2 hrs sneak attacking guards to level up
i started yesterday
im at storm castle after margit
yea
it seems that charged attacks/jump attacks
are way better than R1 spam
for staggering bosses
w that big axe I just stunlocked the first major boss really
lumberjack website cringe
ppl actually care enough to edit logs
simple as that
ppl are just actually that cringe
i mean cringers int wiped for parses on maulgar bro
ppl are cringe af
just the way it is
Heals you @tted me back in early P1 for trying to parse in Gruul/Mag by intentionally wiping and now you tryna talk serious TBC gameplay strats that affect parses. You acted like being a try hard was cringe but now want to be a try hard. You're fried man. It is what it is.
Linelo and Mori probs the type to edit logs tbh
they have huge ego around their parses
yea nah we had plenty of good discussions about various topics
mayhems basically walked back all his dumb TC w the resultcrafting and self masturbation meta
he doesnt claim any of his old TC any more because it was a buncha trolly bullshit
the man never bowweaved in his life
but talked about himself like a god for bowweaving
he chose a bad hill to die on
but its really just a means for him to flex parses on the regular
and jerk himself off
@Linelo werent you claiming some ludicrious 700 standard deviation
on our sims
as part of your dumb troll argument
well I think you never really simmed it just made shit up because you are now unable to even sim without a config handed to you
you are smart enough to know you should sim for yourself before you start talking  about the tailedness of a distribution
but you didnt
because  you were trolling
as  usual

get mad bitch
you want me to talk about kurtosis instead?
in a class discord
where noone knows what that means
the skew bro

fuck off
see I wouldnt do that - because I am unaware of the kurtosis seen on sims, I dont make dumb arguments beyond my knowledge in an attempt to win an argument I dont actually have sufficient knowledge of
unlike linelo
same
said that long time ago
rip
you do get a hist
but you still cant accurately compute statistical moments
can estimate w high effort
lol
!eldenring
shitposting thats a mute
in true bis spen set you would run  a second vestments, otherwise hatefury bis p much
full bis
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/6nzSNBGcEdyeE9s5rHeKCj
pretty good set
https://seventyupgrades.com/set/ccZLs92B3Uv18HDk21dJjP
basically this shows how you dont really need the arena pieces with  a decent setup
but its good until you collect all the pieces
yes full bis is entirely unrealistic
the second set is possible
and you could easily sub in your belt of blasting or foretelling boots
which would be better than droppingi hit wand for arena wand
500 g for me on faerlina a few week ago
if you dont have zdoom OH is a decent option
thse sets I link use the consume
look at "pretty good set"
in "prety good set", you only really need to slot 2 spen gems in some "other" piece
which is ideally duplicate belt or duplicate boots
but it doesnt have tobe
ye
FSW boots are really good
if thats an option you have
yea this set is typical until you get more gear
I dont like relying on eye of night
but its solid
as in something loosely game related to argue about once in  a while?
if you had band of the guardian
you could
eh your rings are strong nvm
well if you accept that you probably want a second belt of blasting eventually anyway
you can drop yourr eye
for pen blasting belt
well then you need some hit and theres a number of decent ways to pull that off
yep
or
you will be up 11 pen by gemming belt of blasting
which puts you over
so you could just socket one hit gem still in blasting
socket hit gem in your temp chest
etc
right but by all likelihood once you get T6 you will run a second blasting
so I mean you could start now
but its not a huge deal
MSD is good for seed set probably
Sres is bad for azgalor
idk we kinda been over all that bullshit
we can argue about immolate
I just do a tap when I expect a silence to come on DBM timer
so that I dont clip a bolt massively
binary resist
the only uncharted territory i see is expanding on aoe cpped seed set memes
I think the current thinking is
"im aoe capped so I only run crit SP is uselss haste is good"
but I think that better sims would show SOME value in SP
yea shit like that
or just hyjal optimizing
breh
i didnt even post hate
relax
please stop shitposting bael
mutable
!eldenring
hello I am a class discord moderator and I am extremely offended by your quote from the guide I wrote
my tiny penis has  decided to mute you so that I can ccontain my salt and my authority will no longer be called into question
i dare you guys to go post eldenring in priest general chat
linelo tried to bait a troll argument about ROAK actually being better for spriest but lost to sim numbers
was cute
passion 100% reads this salt every time he comes up
hes just too pussy to respond and knows he will lose the argument that insues
so he hides
muting me for posting nothing but a quote from guide
is the smallest dick move
micro penis energy
!tag + passion my tiny penis has  decided to mute you so that I can ccontain my salt and my authority will no longer be called into question
passion sent me a dick pic once but it was so small the pic was SFW
pixelpenis
8bitdong
!eldenring
I literally pasted elden ring, went and took a nap, woke up to massive spriest salt and muted
why would you give zdoom and then bench
what kinda cringe guild shit is this
so basically you lost 1000 dps w zdoom
0 dps this week
or  900?
> Shadow Priests absolutely want this weapon, it allows you to reach Spell Haste levels that you can't otherwise, and without it you may have to compensate in other slots for Spell Haste.
he says this "tiny bit of wording" isn't deceiving ppl into beieving breakpoint exists
to justify haste gearing
Shadow Priests absolutely want a bigger penis, it allows you to reach Ego levels that you can't otherwise, and without it you may have to compensate in other slots for your micro penis
disagree you would doom obviously

such a bad discord they didnt fuck their bis list up every phase like us
didnt tell literally everyone to take a buncha dogshit gear because they dont understand their own class
such a shit disc really
where do I find the FAQ that says all items are best for shadow priests in this disc?
shit disc
where do I find the guide on non existent haste breakpoints that bases all loot prio on a made up mechanic
bro warlock disc has a sim that is so fucing shit
bout the same as a bolt
usually a bit more
wheres the channel for washed up salad bakers mages to post cringe racism / sexism / mock ppl with down syndrome
what a shit disc
heezzy is on the comeup bros
3/4 tier
pink factory engaged
srry guys had to take a pee but couldnt find my dick
i did
what kinda food should i order @jpaint
im not malding im meming
jamaican hey
idk where to get that
next suggestion
i was about to say you jamaikin this dic hard
but ay
nah dive is most cooked admin
he aint jealous
hes proud
ye
means delusional/clueless
like for example shaggy not knowing anything about anything
makes him a cooked cunt
cooked goes better w cunt
alliteration is good
or you might say, fried fuck
true but I gave your mom a breast stroke anyways
then she showed me the butterfly
crix typed like 3 times
but probably saw this degeneracy
and noped out
your washed tell us about how good your crit set is
you live under a rock or what

hes a spriest
I think the secret lore to jpaint
is hes a spriest
how fucking cringe is that bros
a fucking spriest
still silenced in spriest disc by passion and his team of cucks @Bael
mentis said it
ddavid wouldnt have let passion push him around like this

Wait why are still playing lost ark
Its elden ring
Korean crack fiends
Its dead elden ring shits all over it
Quit
literally new world 2.0
youll realise that soon
yea buncha crack addicts like yourself still getting their drip
one day youll wake up and feel empty and useless
elden ring bis
ys
yes there is
selfheal is strong in that game and you ccan heal others too
if you want to
can just make whole build where you summon stuff and heal it
yup
you would be a dex enjoyer
wym by grief
yea im sure theres grief magic spells
like camo and shit?
or poison gas  or homing
yea theres plenty of shit like that
and a lot of hybrid weapon augment shit
can have like int weap that does bleeds now
pvp is very soulsy still im not in end game
yes you can invade
yes
theres some sort of stat squishing in pvp tho
like it will lower ppl to your level
if they invade you
idk but prolly
yea bael would enjoy getting invaded by 3 reds too
basically what he does
is press PWS when a mechanic happen
and then everyones like zomg best bard
and hes like owo
and thats the whole game
that and the dumbest RNG crafting progression whale encouragement system
does lost ark berserker have this bad boy:
game of thrones sword
@Mentis todays wordle
is something cerede would like you to do to him
MONKAS
yesterdays wordle?
