Hello so what is up with pre-raid and raid bis in p1. Is our tier set not good? I see a lot of of the shadow wrath gear from wowhead
Ugh
How many people are going human over gnome?
And expansive mind
And engineering bonus
Why are they so good in classic 😦
@Diphoration yeah I believe so
@Quackin not really
It’s really good for copy
@Phaid bis chest from tailoring
Of the void one
It’s a purp too
Bis for awhile
Then bloodvine comes in p4
So tailoring is really good for warlock
I’m going engi/tailoring at max level
Since I plan to do both PvE and PvP. Plus engi is just good in general
I’d keep it for bloodvine for later it’s really good for warlock since we struggle with hit rating
@Jabriel I don’t know about staysafe’s guide but Dive’s is really good
I’ve been using questie it’s very simple and clean
I’d train all weapons imo eventually you’ll use all
City guards are the kings of your local town
Oh probably classic wowhead
Classicdb and classic wowhead have been my two main sources
Just check what zone they are in
What race are u @nuffins
Your class quests start on IF
in IF*
Just outside warlock trainer room there is a guy who gives u quests he is a gnome
SW has trainers too. Outside of that idk. I’d check the sources I listed and quickly see what zone each person is
@Nekro I think it’s correct
@Jexen just use agony I’m 99% sure
@Jexen watch Erik the warlock drain tanking video and look at the guide by Diver in this discord
Also new ranks do a lot more dmg
Yikes
No instant corruption
Instant tho
Doesn’t really matter tho
Pretty sure corruption is ur best dot
Read in the guide best thing to put up
Eh either way I don’t know 100% which is better
Doesn’t matter either way
So is corruption kappa
Shadowburn isn’t worth just to tag mobs
I don’t know why you’d spec for shadowburn to quickly tag at 20 lol
Exactly
Tagging hasn’t been an issue for me
@Dive nice guide btw
@Jexen this is going to be farming cloth chat in 1 1/2 hour for me
Catching my tailoring up
Yeah with an imp and yourself you shouldn’t have tagging issues
Tbh I’ve REALLy enjoyed leveling so far
@Derilore maybe re install it?
It’s working well for me
Hmm
Odd
What bugs are u having? 🐛?
Weird
Ok
Why succubus the go to at 24? Or a strong option? Does she get a certain ability then?
I’m assuming at 20 she is missing something
I want to level with suc tho. Does she get a certain grimoce?
Oh really? @Quackin
Hmm ok
Are the mobs higher level at 20?
Or it’s fine to do it at 20 w/e
@Quackin yea I kinda just wanna get mine
Alliance. Been leveling through Nelf zones. Darkshore is soooo good for xp
@Derilore bfd at 18?
Is it worth doing the Defias Brotherhood for the staff at the end of the chain?  I saw high spirit and some Stam
@scarab while leveling I used shadowbolt as a taunt for my imp sometimes, until I started wanding then I took Aggro quicker
Thoughts on the staff that comes from Defias Brotherhood ?
Seems strong
@Quackin wow
@beers lol I saw the shard bag it is nice
When should u go into SFK ~24?
I think sp has the best value. Stam over int for sure tho
I like having Stam too tho
Alliance nelf zone has been amazing
Is ashenvale a popular Horde leveling zone? Should I expect war??
Do a lot of horde players go to Ashenvale?
@beers lol do ppl go to ashenvale for horde or not really?
So doesn’t curse of agony just suck?? Seems like the damage is supppper low compared to everything else
I was looking at my details and it does like no damage. Don’t know if it is worth
Ah ok
I forgot it worked like that in classic
They’ve changed it a million times. Ok I’ll test it out again and see how it does on a longer fight
How is succubus mana and hp? Can she go the distance for a few fights? Or will you run into being oom like the imp?
Also is succubus good for dungeons while leveling or just go imp for blood pact/fire shield?
Ok sweet
What pets are good for dungeons? Should I auto go into having my imp out?
I know succubus does a lot of dmg and has a cc but blood pact/fire shield seems good for the group
Don’t you have to pet Attack every mob lol?
Yeah lock leveling is pretty nice.
Same I’m going to ham this weekend and finally catchup
@Jin if you watch Erik the warlock’s YouTube video he breaks down Dive’s guide and has some gameplay do the drain build
I watched it then looked at the guide. Helped seeing a video then looking over the guide afterward for me
Top one
Shadow damage op
Wow lucky lol
Lol. Nice
Do a lot of horde players go to ashenvale or not really?
I’m just wondering cuz I just got there as an alliance char
15-20 is average
People who took time off are higher
Yeah 26 is good
I’ve just been finding time to play here and there going to no life friday-monday
@fantasy wow that’s annoying lol
Do you guys like to have 12 soul shards while leveling stocked up?
Or are you guys still using regular bags for now
I ask because the suc quest
I just use regular bags and keep it light on shards
Are soulshards bags kind of useless unless you are raiding that night?
@Quackin same I haven’t bought food or water once lol
Haven’t needed it though
Tbh
Just first aid really and that’s sometimes
You don’t really need a tank for dungeons
Until like 40-50+
Low levels it doesn’t matter
@C'thunprenerf nah most dungeons don’t have a tank below 40
And/or not needed
@Kj what race are you
Hmm I only know the gnome location maybe lookup on wowhead classic for the slaughtered lamb as a human. Gnome u pick it up in IF
Yeah probs Goldshire ^
There is a quest that takes u to the slaughtered lamb

@Kj
Yes
Lol
It happens
@brown dorf I grabbed the quest from the gnome outside of the warlock trainer in IF idk if it’s mandatory or not
I think drain tanking depends on wand vs drain life
It’s juggling resources
So for awhile wand is stronger
I think around 40 is a breakpoint where drain life takes over more
@Quackin are you alliance?
I never had a problem using imp for leveling
Lesser is really strong
@corinthiax
Yeah a wand in general
^
@corinthiax whatever is cheap and you can afford bro
Whatever is higher dps
I think everyone hates imp drain soul lol
Imp life tap
Now that was nice
Yeah I’m just using questie but I have to look at the quests a bit
Plus I’m doing as many Darnassus rep quests as possible
It’s pretty nice
I think tailoring is nice to level with you
Cooking nah
@corinthiax if you go on the classic wowhead website there are profession guides that tell you how much of x you need to get from 1-75, 75-150 etc... it’s really nice
@DES it’s not a huge deal
It’s actually very nice
@rakail succubus quest
12 slot
No
You shouldn’t need too many shards tho
It’s nice having 2-3 for hearthstone and extra if you need w/e
There are some alli quests I think it’s mainly a horde zone
As Drek’thar would say... SLAY THEM ALL
Grey quests no xp
Green is 3+ levels below you
Ideally, you want to do yellow quests
Imagine the quest color as mob color
Because that’s when u get your drain life 100% no knock back
Oh
^
Just fear her and dot her up
And go back to your other target
ESCAPE ARTIST out of her roots?
You start with wands trainer
Trained
If u don’t start with it you can’t learn it, I.e warriors
Wand specifically lol
is there anyway i can get a soulshard tracker? of how many i have?
succubs is insane
ty @Dive
Fearing undead rogues 😄
Gnome lock all day bayyybeeee
I play horde on live for arena but went back to my roots as alliance for classic
Far better faction 😄
:bos:
:gnomef:
I was gonna go human but I’ve never played a gnome seriously and escape artist and for PvE both are too good
Plus I alwayyyys play human lol
Can’t shatter me with escape artist too 😍
Bm?
Oh lol
If I rolled horde I would’ve went orc 100%
@Jovialen and rogues ofc
Undead rogues lol
Tbh I was so happy when I got curse of tongues
Such a nice Talent for a PvP server
I kind of want to get a fel hunter for caster mobs cuz they destroy
Yeah I can usually fear the healing mobs in time or tongues if needed
@Jin I think you could just find a good spot and catch up if u don’t wanna fork your gold over but I bought to catchup on some of mine while leveling
Is farming SM worth it xp wise?
I kind of just want to hit 40
I’m at 34 atm
Hmm ok I typically don’t like dungeon farming but I’m just trying to get to feralas
I’ve had a really smooth questing experience so far but feel like hitting a small now at 34
Yeah I was doing that as I leveled. Just grabbed a dead mines or two then hit up bfd later
Maybe I’m due for some SM
Do u guys think the SP weapon and off hand is better for drain tanking compared to a staff with stats?
Seems like it’d be a nice buff in dmg
@Janthony Branthony I’m going tailoring/engi at max. Skinning/tailor to level. Once I hit 60 dropping skinning for mining to gather all mats to get mats for engi. Once I do that I’ll drop mining for engi to end at tailoring/engi
@Cya p2
If anyone needs STV pages they are really cheap on the AH
You can make all the chapters really quick
Is the tailoring BoP chest of the void mandatory? Or is it fine to go with the winter one with 40+ shadow dmg
I just feel like that robe is the only good thing until p4 for tailoring
I kind of just wanna go mining engi
It’s a pretty nice robe tho
Yeah idk if tailoring before p4 sounds good enough
I kinda just wanna go mining engi at 40 lol
I feel like immolate feels way stronger in the rotation compared to the healing dot
But it’s probably efficiency wise
Opening with immo feels way better idk
Siphon seems so weak and not worth but idk maybe it gets better
Do you think getting the weapon and off hand form SM Lib is worth over a staff with stats?
Yeah it’ll rack up quick I think too @owl
Strictly ST dmg feels kinda eh
@Dive the SP seems good but I obviously have been going mainly for Stam as much as spossible
I’ve looked at the pdf a bit
So the SP is probably worth?
From sm lib?
Kk
Spell power
Yeah I just figured maybe it wouldn’t be worth to drop all the stats off my staff
For solo leveling
But prob wrong
True
I use succubus for drain tank
It works great
Also a if u group with a paladin and get convo aura ^_^
Amp curse is nice only 1 to too
Tp*
I got it after I got fel and nightfall
Dive’: guide is great
Dive’s*
Been using it the whole time
Also hellfire is really nice if a mage has threat already do you are doing aoe pulls. But VW sac helps too
@Shadowdolt classicwowhead has pre raid and raid bis for every phase
@Dive where is updated guide?
Imp^
What’s a good alliance zone to level wt 35? I’m 35 1/2 and gave up on STV, I’ve done part of desolace. Is Arathi worth it or not really?
I’m on Skeram
STV is just a war zone there is no chance anywhere is worse lmao
I swear 32-40 is the worse leveling zone can’t wait to hit 40 and do other zones lmfao
Think it’s just a bug or slow classic looting that’s why
Best place to level at 40 for alliance?
Best place to level at 40 for alliance?
Do you guys have any recommendations on where I should go for lvl 40 as alliance?
@Deleted User desolace/Arathi
@Deleted User when should I go to Feralas? 42?
@Deleted User ty
“Leveling chat”
What’s better for raid SM/ruin or DS/ruin
I thought it isn’t so dry though? Like if you have more crit/hit and in different phases one is better than the other?
@Servantor wowhead has one
Yeah I realize that
But if I can use corruption sm wins?
Kk
Is it worth canceling cast for nightfall proc or finish cast?

Engineering
Also I reallly want to drop tailoring for mining /engi
The warlock tailoring robe is the only reason I’m tailoring until p4
@break hand weapons?
Like staff/sword?
@Deleted User eternal void
@Deleted User the 46 spell damage one
Is the one I want
@phaco1 there is a “drain tanking build” where you take fel concentration and go down to get dark pact, you dot and drain life or wand. Succubus doest oom like the imp and pumps on damage
@Deleted User with the crit one?
Hmm classic wowhead says void is still better
Hmm
Eternal void robe or the crit one from MC?
@phaco1 Erik the warlock has a video on it
@phaco1 THEN look at dives guide
Idk was just asking to be clear
@phaco1 it’s nice. If you have any issues with it please ask
I think a LOT of people have been leveling with this build
@Sizzle pray they aren’t undead and seduce one fear the other dot one up and try to kill
Re seduce
1v3 is really tough tho
@Deleted User they can only use besker rage in zerker stance
Pretty sure it’s an ability for 6 sec
Let me confirm them
That
I forgot exactly in vanilla which one it is
@Deleted User I’ll ping u answer
@phaco1 I wouldn’t take agony or exhaust
Doc version is OP
@phaco1 check pine for the Dive’s pdf
Yup ok cool SP gear is really good for this build as well
I’m gonna go demo for the rest of my talents I think to make myself more tanky while leveling
@Deleted User so u have to be zerker stance and then u can get out of fear with zerker rage
I think it’s a 1 min cd
Also death wish. But not many people are going to burn that cd

Slow is a cc
Just like hamstring
Imp drain soul can be good if you can min max it
I think drain life is just way easier and less thinning
Thinking
And relatively the same so it’s not really worth
Spirit
Regen
^
^
Half our bis is boe world drop shadow wrath for pre raid lmao
Suc does more
Even in dives guide he mentions stacking spirit for drain soul I’m pretty sure lol
I think drain life is better
But I’m just being devils advocate
Saying that it CAN be good
For drain life build
Pointless for drain life
Spirit is only for imp drain soul
Yeah I’m not disagreeing
Yeah I’m putting the rest of my points into demo
Makes sense for drain life for me
Respecting sm/ruin at 60
Yeah there a few locks in my guild I don’t really care which build but I like sm a bit more
Yup
Death wish does
I don’t reck does
Nvm
Reck does
42% coefficient
Soul fire coefficient 😍
Death coil is so nice
And feels good to finish people off with shadowburn lol
I get deathcoil soo soon!!
I was super happy to get seduce
Yes
Makes me wish I went orc warlock tho LOL
Instead of facing 50% undead 😄
@Paisti umm I guess use it on cd if you don’t need it to catchup on heals?
Fear dr with seduce rip
5 second fear immunity :Dive:
:undeadf:
😦
@Stormvine lmfao
Ofc it is
But I’m alliance
So undead chucks me more
Nah
Only thing locks die to is rogues
IF I was horde I’d go orc
Orc stun resist too good
Will is good for sure but for horde id roc personally
I’m alli tho
So gnome boy
Lol
No
Gnome is nice vs some things
My gnome on a nightsaber is the ultimate combo
Human lock LUL
The best would be a nelf warlock
But alas...
Pro tip trade a mage a ha for food and water lol
I keep more shards on me now
Cuz if u get ganked
SS, SUCC, HS
it’s nice to have
Yeah in STV where there is a lot of PvP I ran through a lot
I don’t think fel hunter is too important
It’s nice for dispelling magic and kicking spells but besides that eh
It’s nice to have though
Dungeons you can multi dot I’d argue sm/ruin is better for dungeons
Giving it more value
Maybe just wand it out?
Skeram!
I’m pretty sure u can corruption and do more dmg than just shadowbolt lol
Pretty group dps too
Not get a full row of dots but def multi
Are u trying to just aoe stuff down? What for?
@Fxxboom no lifetap costs no mana
I believe there is an addon called “five second rule” for the mana to start flowing
@bloop just use imp
Until u get succ
You’ll always pull off ur pet unfortunately
Most ppl go imp then succubus
VW doesn’t too much sm for threat
Sac is def in heavy areas of the opposite faction I agree
However imp and succ are a lot better
More dps and threat
Not long
It’s worth doing for sure
You’ll def notice the difference
@Kronkwich anything that has SP on it is good unless you are talking about u want skillups quickyl
@Kronkwich if you want to level tailor as fast as possible go to classic.wowhead they have a tailoring guide. Eitherwise the gear with SP is good to make for yourself
Succ basically has unlimited mana though I find it way better and it does a lot more dmg than imp
@Kronkwich if u go to classic.wowhead and find the tailoring guide it gives u the fastest route to 300
@Quantum I usually immo, corruption and agony then wand until mob starts running at me. I only drain below 75%
Also if your eating or bandaging you can send pet in to collect a little extra aggro wile u top
I skipped respecting
Respeccing*
Imp until I got suc was fine enough for me
@Pmat a lot easier yes
@Quantum what pet are u using? Do u have dark pact yet?
^
@Pmat what are u struggling with atm
@Quantum so if u send pet in and start dotting them wand u should be fine
@Pmat are u dotting?
What pet u using? Gear shouldn’t be an issue
And what spec
Try using imp. Once u get succ it gets better imo
I didn’t have trouble dying. Also are u senditnpet to attack right away?
U might have it on “defensive” so it onlynsttacks when a mob hits u?
I have mine on passive and send it in manually with a keybind every fight
I didn’t have an issue killing any mobs really
I send pet in. Immolate a second after my pet fires his fire bolt off
Then corrupt, agony wand
Once u get 5/5 fel concentration and succubus it’s really smooth
@Quantum yes it’s nice with dark pact it shouldn’t be too bad before though
Maybe to breakup leveling do a dungeon to two?
To escape the barrens and be in a group have a lil fun maybe get a piece of gear
Lol
u can shadowbolt too but wand is fine if you are going the whole dungeon not stopping a lot
He’ll learn to wand tho LOL mages go oom quick
Yes what @ascii  said. Getting new ranks of spells REALLY helps
Big buff to dmg
I know when I got a few rank 2’s I started crushing hard
I believe gnomish
@Alderex
@skylarklul 25 is when it becomes really smooth
@Fel prob felcloth will replace it
I have like +80-+90 spellpower on my gear it’s insane I got it before I logged off
Can’t wait to crush some mobs when I go home
Dungeon grind is good if you have a good group
Eitherwise questing is mix
Is nice***
@Flewf Tanaris, hinterlands, Feralas
Just a few zones to mention
I think I heard those quests aren’t out? Idk? I remember hinterlands was apart of that quest chain
Look it up on classic.wowhead
It should say if it’s out yet

@Zike are u alli or horde
@Zike prob not out then
@Flexxster I don’t know i haven’t tried yet tbh
@Oshi should be in main city near ur race trainer
What race are u
https://classic.wowhead.com/quest=1801/tome-of-the-cabal
@baintree I think it’s nice to have
@Oshi
Hmm
Yeah if ur undead
Hmm
Do you have any quests going to ratchet or warlock quests in ur bags already?
Oof
Might’ve been one of those
Hmm
Idk then
I know one was to go for at her for me
And the ones you abandoned played no role in fel hunter quest line?
If not I have no idea
@HunterProject Stam int is never bad
+fire doesn’t really do much
Yeah that’s what I did
Went to ratchet for tome
@Kuze questing is good
Dungeon groups are good if hriup is good
Group*
^
I think witch blade is slightly better but if you have focal thats fine
Thats what Xn said
What is boed
Ah i see
Is this just going off spreadsheet? It scales? I feel like it doesnt lmfao
Things like that usually dont scale
I would be VERY surprised if it did
^
So if it doesnt scale is it worse than both of the orher weapons?
Does the spreadsheet assume it doesnt?
The mana would kind of nice
Ah i see
Does Felwood or Winterspring give any Darnassus rep or not really? Also is 44 a good level to start ZF farm?
When is rain of fire used in aoe groups or is hellfire better in every scenario?
Rain of fire when u cant get healed?
Kk
I might try to boost a few levels spamming ZF. Im trying to get to level 50
Ok
Yeah i dont want to dungeon grind
I actually enjoy questing and farming a bit!
Plus like you said, finding a GOOD group can be difficult lol
@GriffithBae locks can summon, soulstone(reset if u wipe no run back), and healtstones
And eye of kilrogg pulls
@Mz BFD wand is really good at that level carries for a long time
Drain at 40 is so smooth
Its been easy street lol
U talk to the dead druid guy in the turtle room
Well he has his own cave in the turtle room
And u just kill last boss i believe. Pretty streamlined to get the wand
I dont think so but not confirmed
There was a whole discussion if it did or didnt. But no one has it @lovebirdx
Wow 50dps
Mara?
Nice. I need to get a new wand im at 43 rn
Using a 32dps wand
@mysticalsoap i think the coefficent for hellfire is really low since its an aoe ability right?
Alliance warlock
@<Redacted> farm it for science
Am i purple?
Nope
What spec do i need to be do mara runs?
Or is it viable with any spec?
And is it only good if you are selling runs or its fine to solo and vendor the items?
@Brown Pinas hey im on skeram too lol. Alli or horde?
Felhunter interrupt is super nice if u have to kill a ton of caster mobs, ive noticed casters CHUNK me. But not too important. Magic dispell and interrupt are really nice for pvp tho
@Dive do eeet
so i read on classic wowhead focal sword is better for "burst"
when would i equip that over witchblade exactly?
Tailoring is nice for the epic robe, herb/alch will always be good
@truth
@Newbie101 imo is good for dungeons
Imp*
Im 44 and all i do is siphon, agony, corruption, lifetap and gg if i only 1v1 mobs its perfect and i never run out of hp or mana
@toystore yeah for the fel concentration
Yeah i never respecced, never went imp and it was fine
@Mr.Viking.Jack! 3 is probably pretty good
Nope
Nah they dont
@Mr.Viking.Jack! i only do 1-2 at a time but you can do 3 max prob
I dot first fear 2nd dot 2nd, dot 3rd
And big mojo mask to look scary
+5 spooky
@frostwolf i never got hypno blade im 44. Should i get ZF staff or go with orb + focal?
@Naratik what has higher dps
Id use the higher dps, lower speed
@Dive thats a nice command lol
Lol
Any tips on fighting undead? Coil to fear then fear again 5 sec later?
Ok so it isnt even worth it?
Honestly leveling with an imp was fine lol
@Naratik same im just gonna use mojo mask
Yeah its very simple
The hardest part is waiting there if someone else is doing it
I liked darkshore a lot a ton of quests
Hmm ok
Ive been fearing instantly to get it out of the way
@Inflamed what level are you right now?
Yeah just hold out till u can do ZF for the staff
@Wakaliwood SP is king when leveling (spell power or shadow dmg +)

@Deleted User i only have lash of pain on auto, u can soothing kiss with a keybind if u need her to drop aggro
@barista at starbucks pls be productive, here to help people
@Radvo use imp it does more dmg and VW has really bad threat. Let imp attack first while he is casting u can immolate
Imp will take one hit then mob will come to you
@Radvo also how high are the mobs compared to you? 1-2? Or higher? I like immo-> agony->corruption. But i liked imp taking first hit then ive pulled off my imp
Also if imp is close to dying a shadowbolt or searing pain can help you get aggro off him
Are you alliance or horde? Also wpvp is randomy sometimes u get 1v5 or u 6v2 etc... 1v1 tho a bit differnt
If you notice you are getting killed a lot id recommend VW so you can sacrifice him to get the shield. But id recommend imp until u get succ
What u can do is fear then dot, then searing pain them down, shadowbolt takes way too long to cast if u have a melee on you and if u get interrupted rip. Also make sure to pop a HS and re fear. If u fear undead and they use racial they are immune for 5 seconds so refear after that
@Radvo if u have more pvp related questions ppl can help in the pvp tab but for leveling ya follow the things above that were written it might help
Mages arent that bad to kill in any spec imo
The class that bang us hard are rogues if they get the jump and you arent playing VW for the sac or they are undead and u are alliance with no vw out
Soul link lock can 1v1 pretty well
But not Soul link its harder vs rogue and war
@Katherina i think SL lock beats just about anything lol
Its just a 1v1 spec tho i think sm/ruin is better for bgs
@veclo at what level
Yeah
You can just play like you are playijg sm/ruin if you are drain tank in dungeons leveling up
At 60 respeccing is my prio
@RHarbs are u using immo then putting up all dots then draining?
That can be a lot of threat
@Deleted User 6 more sp so by that much. The heal and stam is ok. But i think volatile replaces both instantly so its w/e
:gnomef:  >
@Xeliss im ya worst nightmare kid
LOL
i only picked gnome cuz human is useless in vanilla for lock
@J A C K thats a F A C T  J A C K
:gnomef: :bos:
👍
Is the helm from pristine hide pre raid bis?
The one that has hide from UBRS. The savant cap or w/e 2% crit

So i guess in regards to wowhead. When would i use a “burst set” or would that set be pretty much useless?
@Kairo imp is nice in dungeons for ranged also gives party thorns and stam
@Fel the classic experience lol
I saw a guy get anathema yesterday i thought that was pretty cool
Obviously not legendary but i like the quel’serrars, anathema, rhok’delar they are all pretty cool
@mood right lol
Is it actually best for lock? Or do mages benefit more?
@buckna i think from like 52-60 mobs
I think most high shadow wrath gear is lvl 54-60
Like i.e, lvl 54 shadow wrath shoulders
I hope my guild can make it there we havent had our first raid yet, going to pug until more hit 60
Ds ruin is good yeah
True lol
@cuel ☂ there is a gear sheet idk the stats of both but yeah id glance at that
Yeah definitely
@mood for example, esfand gave first binding to a rogue who helped with the guild immensely and has been there to help from the start
Plus if u know they are there for the long run it is good
Maces? Yes
Hit is only from hit gear
Or hit enchants
Intellect gives a little crit from a certain amount of int
Hit is really important for lock
#deleted-channel
Check the spreadsheet
@cuel ☂ u said felheart and bang w/e?
[Ban'thok Sash]
[felheart belt]
So fel has more SP
But idk if 8more sp out values 1% hit probably? I dont know the math
Might have to use spreadhseet and plug in to compare?
So how much SP would it take to outvalue a 1% hit
Oh ok
Ah ok
@cuel ☂
Thanks
It makes sense
I think p1 is so funny for warlock
Felheart is great for pvp
Ton of stats
Whats the cd on goblin sapper charges?
Kk
The stats are reallly good
@Indi trinketmenu
#lvling  resources
Dive’s guide
Also i just got skull of impending doom and i have nifty stopwatch im so happy lol
@Marshmarrow thanks
@Deleted User across from
LOL
All those healthstones got u dizzy huh @Deleted User ?
Loo
Lol
@Leorio !leveling
LOL
Use your vitamin c stone incase of Emergen-C?
@Dream i finally have a sword/off-hand combo now!!
😄
I saw a gnome with the net trinket and got jealous i need one so bad
Im gonna farm focal when i get to mara
@Deleted User i wouldnt worry about buying weapons
@Deleted User Deadmines has a good weapon for stats, but wands are the only real focus at that level
:LMW:
:emoji_69:
:gnomef: :air: :succ:
Pog
Drain tank summary ^
LOL
:gnomef: :succ: :DrainLife: :air:
I bought bags early felt worth it
Warlock can skip a lot of abilites but yeah im sure she will find out if she needs money or not
@Ashley are u lvl 32 yet? She can learn lesser invis then
SOON
:Dive: :emoji_64:
The :Dive: :emoji_69:
@Dive m’lady :nice:
@Deleted User i like to have a gpod wand, buy SP gear later and bags gg nothing else reallt
Really
Sp gear is later
@Dive ive def been spending a little bit lol. I need to buckle down until i hit 60 then blow half my gold on engineering
Engi is good at any level tbh cuz bombs trinkets etc. But most helpful at end game
Yup
Bombs are huge for end game pvp, nets
Stun helmets
Etc
@minq to learn max level u need to be 35
225+ = lvl 35
Yeah
@Deleted User police tazer helm comes in tbc 😉
@minq twink at 39, bgs dont give xp
Yay gl
:LT: :LIP:
Grind for a little but after
Some food downtime
Good
Good thing im a :gnomef: escape artist if it nets both people
I need to farm my engi up so bad ugh i shouldve started with at the beginning!
Yeah getting gold isnt too bad
While leveling
I havent learned a lot of stuff and didnt spend for awhile
Lol
900*
@Deleted User HS and health pot dont share CD tho
Dont*
Dont share cd*
@mood a bit :offtopic: but doing 3v3 as a lock on Cata LOL. Buffs hs’s was the peak of doing stuff before arena
I dont think healthstone well came in for awhile @toplel1337
WOW
it was tbc
I dont remember that at all lol
Lets be real
Its hard to be a bad class when u have  3 dps specs
The blizzard rng to thanos all 3 specs is low
@ChaosActual i need to grab the tome from thousand needles still
Lol
Skipped it
@Deleted User might be worth to farm lib fro hypno
For
Oh nice
SM Cath is super nice to farm
Nice
@Deleted User yeah it can be reallt nice to have both
@Rushin maybe ask a guildie or someone on trade chat, buying mats is WAY cheaper
I had all my pieces made for me at a low price
@Rushin buy mats
Shadow weave isnt that expensive. If u ask in trade for someone to make them mats are cheap
Can i break even if i buy stuff off ah to level my engi from 0-200?
:air: 😡
I think depending on how fast group kills its generally through up some corruptions and start botliny
Bolting
Hellfire if more 4 or more? Not sure 100%
Thats what ive briefly seen on Xn’s stream
Yeah i think its a decent set
That and felheart are great
@Neko
I think stam is one of the biggest things u can get for warlock for pvp
T1 is bis for pvp in p1
Generally speaking
Plus the tier set bonuses are just a nice plus
!leveling
@Deleted User there
@Thoraisius yup
@Neko she stops every few seconds to stomp you should be fine
@orleni idk honestly for pricing but sounds decent. Check the winter night robe or w/e its called that amount of shadow dmg sounds great though
Nice
should i go the intelelct one?
intellect*
seems nice for drain tank
imp HS seems ok too
kk
humanoids are generally good if u dont have skinning
skinning is good then for $
@Deleted User vendor it
thats what ur suppose to do
it makes a ton of gold
i think around that lvl 1 piece of leather sells for 10s-15s each
so it adds u quick
up quick* on mobs 45+
hellfire is still hellfire
you should make ur own group
and invite 2 mages
lol
warlocks are good for dungeons
@KinkyTheSlinky i haven't touched curse of reck yet
@Dive lmfao
@Dive i have to do that once now
mainly pvp
sometimes on annoying mobs that heal
and u have more time to fear a heal
lot of applications in pvp, a few in pve
I think we found the issue
@Mr F this is how i kill a mob :
Send succubus in, siphon life, agony, corruption, life tap drain life, drain like maybe 1-2 more times then wand last few bits. You never want to be at 100% hp, you can lifetap then recovery hp over a fight
With this method i can go many many mobs without stopping
Yeah only trying to help your issue
I think the issue is people are saying unnecessary things and and not answering his question loo
Lol
I know a lot of people just want an answer haha
@Mr F jd recommend getting shadow weave gear or getting more spell power gear and skip on using immolate
@EricCheesiez what lvl are you/faction ok on skeram too
How do I get my name to show my server?
Ah ok
Nice
:gnomef:
?
Any will of the forsaken in chat?
LOLL
level harder to show ur love for her
ON topic 😉
See what I did there?
My cat almost left me because I leveled all day Saturday and Sunday
How many hours per level is “fast” for 47+? 3-4? Assuming I’m mainly doing questing and a dungeon with quests.
@Blundertaker hilarious LOL
The meal part lol
@Dive how was the caffeine thing?
Lol
Apparently
It is
For 50-60 when can I start farming runecloth at a good pace?
I need 400 stacks of runecloth and want to get it before 60
Kk
52+ gives runecloth only?
Ok sweet
Bathwater
Ok confirming that’s why LOL
I think I will ride out leveling spec to 60
Then respec
Also I saw a guy leveling with soul link made me happy
I love seeing that buff
Unkillable
He went down far enough to get soul link
And has a fel hunter our so he can resist everything in the game
:emoji_64:
:nice:
is it a rite of passage while leveling that once u hit 48 you have to seduce soulfire someone?
Ok I will find a pack of aoe mobs
Where is that
I’m not sure I understand your question
You go back to get 5/5 suppression?
My healthstones heal me for like over half my hp and I have the 15% Stam increase lol
!draintank
!draintanking
@Amon there
I feel like demo feels pretty nice having more hp and fat HS’s
After dark pact
Just got my engi up in 1 hour yesterday
Got to 215, got my net, got bombs I have nifty stopwatch and skull of impending doom it feels VERY nice
Saved me a lot of times
Bombs and stopwatch feel great on lock, net is also great too only 10min cd
Escape artist feels good when u can use it as well
What’s the word with blade off of mara?
Has it been finally tested?
Scales or no?
Kk figures so
Figured*
🦆
Is there a way to view the max amount a green boe can go up to for shadow damage?
I’ve seen a few things on wowhead
I got some pants and realized they were 3 lower then ones on the AH
it’s good I believe witchblade pulls ahead
^
[witchblade]
Spell crit
It says on the equip:

Oh
@Tubesssbm 50 gold from 16-215 (in gnome so I start with 16 engi) I used the classic wowhead engi guide
A little but I bought the mats it recommended
Was pretty smooth learned my gnomish engi
@Mr F lol I’m glad you are having a better time! That’s what the discord is for
^
Yeah ur helm made u look like a CHUMP
now u look like a CHAD
🔫
Gnome master race
LOL
@<Redacted> hey buddy 📷 is over here
Oh lol
Why do u ask?
Or why the response rather lol
Were u planning on draining something?
@Deleted User corruption and shadowbolt are ur bread and brother. Agony is nice if you have a debuff open
I understand what you mean
LOL
I mean there will always be wipes in any raid
@Fowly drain you’ll be pveing more than pvp I think it’s the go to
I mean it’s affliction lol
It’s fine
After u get dark pact just go to destro tree and get points if you are doing both you’ll be fine
Whatever has better stats
U can run that combo until u get a diff off hand and 1h
^
Or aqueous orb or w/e
Rank 3 has to be like lvl 60
My current lifetap is around 300?
@creth yes
We are enslaved by @Dive
FREE US
you can go demo or destro
I like demo more because I don’t plan on doing a ton of dungeons and like the extra tankiness
I just think it compliments the play style well
For demo drain tank!
Personal preference
Once u have dark pact life + shadow weave is like a French sailor with a bottle of wine.
he said like 2 seconds later
Demo would’ve saved him a lot
@mightygerm
So it really is either or
@Quantum hug the mobs with ur eye
You get really close
Aggro range is weird for sure
Just keep getting close or until I have to run through them lol
Bases are SOO good
Bombs* lol
And deathray ofc
Once u make all the BoP items for gnomish U can drop and then go goblin if u want to make goblin stuff
@J A C K either way U level it so quick
And sometimes yellow doesn’t proc a skillup but sure if you are a gnome and want to use the one u linked
@Deleted User I’ve seen some duo farms with ds/ruin and spriest etc
@Lord-Hippo SP is bis then Stam is pretty nice for next stat
Imo
Death ray, the Gadg teleported, MC cap, death ray, battle chicken
If u craft it
I’m pretty sure I keep it and go goblin
The idea is make all gnomish items drop it to goblin

That’s it lol
If you want to do that that’s fine
Just providing information
Nor have I
https://classic.wowhead.com/item=10725/gnomish-battle-chicken
It’s good for gnome for that reason
Idk how it works at low lvl but yeah works at 60
@Mr F that’s what I personally am going to do. Instantly respeccing at 60
!impsreturn
@Gloom no
It take x amount of mana and gives it to you
So if it takes 150 mana from your pet it will give u 100% of that mana
Yes
Np
Rune isn’t on gcd so u can always use that before lifetap tho?
So u don’t use a gcd for lifetap
Lol how much can you play in those 2 days?
Questing is good but you might run out of quests. Dungeons can be good with a good group and additionally more worth it if you have quests
I’ve found I can usually get a level in 4 hours from questing probably more like 3-5 average
Because running time etc
You can try but I don’t think so
I think you could get to 55 probably in 2 days
@Khaep focal sword or witchblade
^
More epics u have more dmg
Confirmed
My money is on witchblade
Yeah that’s when u can buy 225+
Volatile power is better
I’d just save up for a wand
Imo
Btw
Volatile power might not drop for a few weeks
So get whatever u can
Or whatever u want to put in for time, void is bid but winter isn’t too far off
If you already are leveling and get mats go for it
I’m probably going to go for void because it’s pre-raid bis and who knows when I’ll get raid bis
1 week lockout
If u are fine with doing a little less dmg then go for winter
All up to you how much time u wanna put into gearing
But you can only kill bosses once per week? You guys plan to raid Mc for 4 nights?
To clear it?
Oh lol
Onyx is is 5 day lockout
ZG is 3
Yeah and bindings
Will be ran until the end of time
LOL
Do people do full Mara runs with all the quests?
I haven’t been there in awhile
For a full run of all areas?
I remember them all connecting and I have a lot of quests
I just won’t focal from tinker
Want*
Just class robes for now
[robes of the void]
Bloodvine later
For the set bonus which is the reason why it’s good
You don’t have to worry about that for awhile though
You /dance in front of hallar
Hakkar
@Traumatic horde or alliance?
Arathi is decent, swamp is ok at that level? Alliance do Southshore 32-36
Uhhh idk what else
Desolace
@Traumatic desolace, swamp of sorrows
There will be blood over centaur ears
Many battles will be fought to collect 15 of them. Hopefully no one will mess with u
I didn’t do the faction quests but everything else felt good
I never chose a faction lol
I heard one is nice if u want to go into Felwood
I plan to murder about 600+ furblogs in Winterspring for runecloth
Lmfao
@Deleted User I think grinding is fine but quests give nice big chunks too
LOL what that’s wild
What guide are u looking at lol
30 second is more accurate I think
As an average
I mean quests are nice because u already have to kill stuff
Essentially free xp
Rinsing isn’t bad tho
grinding
If you are alliance Southshore you can just go there quests are pretty good too
I enjoyed leveling there and you go back a few levels later for 2-3 quests
!wand
!wandprogression
whats that good off-hand
aqueous orb or something
@Fierywind ty
Yeah it’s good for 1v1’s tho
For alliance how many BRD quests are there?
@RUBZy replace it
Use focal
Yeah 2nd to witchblade
Use focal
And type /flex when u equip it
Shadowbolt does
It’s better
Who
Lol
For sm/ruin is it typical to take imp CoA ?
I’m assuming so
@mood oh just wait SM will replace it
Is there a WA for shadow vulnerability from shadowbolt?
@Deleted User yeah
I wouldn’t recommend going there u less you have quests
Up to you you have to proc a shadow wrath
I’m just going to use the link orb
^
I think ST prob is a waste of time
Unless if you have full quests but eh
@mood lib prob 34
Make sure to get off hand from GY
So u can have that off hand + hypno
Warlock off hand is really good
The quest one
Yeah it’s nice
Alli or horde
Go to wetlands do the quests up top
Southshore is good
I couldn’t do STV too many horde on my server
Maybe dip in desolace a little first few quests
@Moot are u alli or horde?
@Thrillshire it owns, do it!
@Deleted User I think the whole point of the succubus is to dark pact her mana to go a very long time and you can have all her abilites off auto
Plus she does a lot of dmg already
And u can suck her mana out
@Thrillshire spell damage gear or sp+ is just realllly good for drain tanking
You replace will some felcloth later I think it’s a good investment
Or have someone make it for you and you provide mats(very cheap)
You’ll rip through mobs with shadow dmg *
+
@Infiniti for leveling not really for raiding I like to have 2 soulshard bags for raid usage and shadowburns
Lol
Yeah
Purpy boi
@ninjer before you get succubus yes
Yup
I typically like having 8-10 shards so if I die I can use all shards and not worry
You’ll realize if you are on a PvP server and get ganked a few times and run out that you want more shards lol
Soulstone heals in 5 man ez clear
NO RUNBACKS
Yummy gold
I slept for 12 hours last night made me so recharged and ready to grind the rest of my levels out
@Dive my fav part of the guide is the skills part
I love checking what I get at each level lol
Cmon dive
Don’t encourage the runback after wipe
😦
Lol
“Oops SS’d myself! Brb u guess!”
*flips laundry*
Once it’s red, it’s time to leave to get this bread?
@lilseb there are 3 groups of channels PvP, endgame and leveling I’m assuming you’d go to endgame probably. What exactly are u lookin for for talents?
It’s like nice had a son
Baby nice
@Flo ^o^ too bad you couldn’t double down on your luck and get a mount too
@lilseb at the beginning I had a friend play demo or destro for the hellfire talents and threat reduction but dungeon you should be fine for aoe to hellfire after threat is picked up for a few seconds
Yeah np
Also just know you could catch aggro so if you have a HS, VW sac or deathcoil up be prepared to use it
@Marthim if drain tanking just use highest spell power I believe
Yeah
I don’t think spirit is that great
I’d say spell power
Use w/e tho
You aren’t using immo and searing a lot anyways generally
Siphon, agony, corruption drain
^
It’s kind of funny how our mount destroys our 5 second rule lol
As in it costs mana and starts 5 tick then lol
@Marthim I’d recommend shadoweave helm
Good thing 95% of the mobs aren’t robots!
Lol
Funny how you just
Talked about this lol
I feel like there should be a command
For taking higher +shadow dmg
As a counter point
When I first read your guide I didn’t know how huge it was
But I learned to understand
It looks good
Until u get a green lens
And then u ascend
And laugh at all shadoweave mask holders
Lol
It’s 34 or 36+
And it looks cool
:gnomef:
ESP on my gnome
Enchanting is ok. I leveled with skinning /tailor till 45ish
Then rerolled skinning to engi
For Lena
Lens
I really want to drop tailor for something else
Prob mining
@Marthim enchanting probably sucks to level with
Lol
I think it just takes a lot to level up while you are leveling
A lot of other profs aren’t too bad to level with
Skinning nets a lot of gold 45+
You really start to take home the bacon then
I just wanted engi bad tho
So I dropped it
5
All other professions feel pretty easy to level while leveling tho
Enchanting by far the worse
But I do love my 8% boots
👟 👟
^ that’s what 8% looks like
🥾 🥾
Not 8%
So is Winterspring good for xp?
I might cuz I need 370 stacks of runecloth as well
Might do furbolgs for a level
Then BRD quests for a level then Winterspring
Then wpl
Dip into burning for half a level
Already did those
Epl***
Thank god I did all the wpl quests with a Druid friend
I hated that zone
👎
Plus mobs are tightly packed
Also medicine pouch is so good lol
For Timbermaw
Only 1800 furblogs to go
Lol
:hellfire:
Your face when U get hit my missles?
@Jon spell power is king for leveling
@Jon not spirit he is trolling
Look up the mats or have someone link mats they are super cheap
I had someone craft me with my mats provided it was very cheap
That’s why u bring a boomkin to your raid so he can be in your group for more crit rng
😃
@cbrules3033 spell damage
@Jace yes
@cbrules3033 if it has shadow damage higher than your current use it
@Blundertaker thanks for flexing on us 😦
@cbrules3033 just go for any gear with higher spell damage/shadow damage
So in short get the shadoweave set! 😄
:gnomef: :bos:
@cbrules3033 if they are higher shadow dmg then you current ones yes!
But if they cost a lot
Maybe pass because you can get better ones later!
@Dream and then the CHADS come in with green LENS
@cbrules3033 sick gz
@Infiniti have u updated ur details addon?
It was bugged in beta
@Infiniti it should show everything right away for damage I don’t recall setting anything up special
screenshot your issue maybe
@Invis shadow damage
Wait
@Invis did u turn in the quest yet? Orb is better
@Infiniti put cursor over your bar
Or click on your name on details
It should bring up spells
And give you your dmg breakdown
@Invis that’s fine, use shadow dmg one then
That is a dmg meter to show dmg of everyone
You can see your breakdown by putting cursor over your name
Or clicking on your name to bring a bigger box
It shouldn’t be too bad to break down your dmg by mousing over or clicking on it
@Jon it’s been awhile I have no idea maybe look the quest up on classic wowhead
@Invis shadow dmg + is the main focus
Any is good
It’s your main thing you want for leveling
Affects most of your dots and drain life
Bfd wand owns yes
He was asking about an orb
Yes
Affliction tree is good for pvp in general
Fear dot fear dot fear dot
@kamilo just know you won’t be pveing when fighting someone else because they can probably interrupt your shadow spells or pushback shadowbolt easily
Focus on throwing up dots and gearing along with searing pain
Lmfao
Omg lol
Good especially if you are horde and soul link
Alliance is good too just undead is kind of annoying but it can be worked around
Well perfect then!
Yeah you should have a good time vs the majority of classes!
Lol
Are you undead or Orc?
Also once u get death coil at 42 life gets better! 😄
Both are good. Orc is just really nice for stun resist
Undead is particular good vs fears
@eldritch id recommend you pick up engi if you want to pvp a lot. Bombs are huge for warlocks and PvP in general also the gnomish net is very good along with a few other engi items
Just to craft the bop items
Death ray and battle chicken are the two bop items
Depends on server probably I know of Felwood 2 spots and in Azshara
I’ve heard some servers don’t go to either or so scout them all out, time of day will affect this as well!
:emoji_69:
:emoji_64:
Only 3 I know of
I believe so
For BoP items
But you should craft all the BoE items too for gnomish
So you don’t have to worry about buying them
Gnomish boots are nice because if they backfire they don’t require goblin rocket fuel
Lol
Dive’s audiobook guide
Yeah
I got my engi from 16-225 with 50gold it’ll depend on ur Sever
Server
If you want to pvp at all I’d recommend keeping engi its one of the best vanilla profs
In PvE and PvP
Very useful
Yeah same
Not sure
Oh lol
To relearn your prof?
Nah I don’t think so
You have to relvl it
Nope
0
Unfortunately that is a negative chief
@Tarolg succubus just owns in dmg and has mana pool but good question i might use everything but VW at 60
@Smudgette just use the regular build and don’t cast life drain in dungeons you still get a lot of benefit being in affliction tree I wouldn’t worry tbh
Smorc Smorc
@airbadger#3450 if it was shadow, yes. But not for fire
You don’t need previous ranks
Just buy max rank books and you can skip spending a little bit on previous books 😄
It’s good for leveling lol
Eitherwise eh
Or multi siphon is decent
Like tidy said
^
You wouldn’t use in a dungeon
For solo content you’d use it
How much do we need for hit cap( yes I know we can’t reach it)
Is it 19%?
@fantasy thats a good price
Oh ok
@maxwell gz!
@jewlicious 2-3 is usually good if you fear juggle a bit
Soloing seems fine but I try to push at least 2
More than 3 seems like you can fall behind quick
^
@geege def harder as alli facing UD rogue lol
I had a warrior burn death wish on me the other day and he still died lol
Feels good
@Karazaskull take supresión
Supression*
@Farabee you can just give me an answer no need to add all the extra stuff. That can sound condensing when people are here for just information
I feel like if they kill your pet their lives are easier
Could be written a better way
Sounds condescending is all I’m saying
But if you are undead you can will fear if they fear to kill pet lol
@UrineTrouble a lot of people come to class discord’s just for an answer
You could def give answer and say yeah suppression if pretty essential for these reasons..!
@UrineTrouble I only say this because I’ve seen it multiplie times and people don’t enjoy it or appreciate  it and end not wanting to come back 😄
^ 😄
Thoughts on savant cap? From pristine beast hide?
Isn’t crit valued at around 8-12 sp?
I’m a bit confused looking at the wowhead pre-raid bis guide
They mention a lot of gear being “burst” when it has crit
When would you realistically use those items
I.e. [gloves of spell mastery]
Would I consider more crit for bosses for this”burst” gear over sustain?
Also with songflower does this “burst” (crit essentially) build become more viable?
@karnos they label it on the wowhead pre bis guide as burst
Yeah I don’t agree with the terminology but when would this crit gear be good?
Or how much to overvalue spell damage?
Seems like if you get gloves and helm that’s 4% crit already
Along with weapon and songflower buff I would personally be at 15%
So is it good on a single target boss encounter?
So should I take the gloves of spell mastery or hands of mastery?
Yeah I can’t really access it atm on my phone at work
Was just generally curious of all the crit gear u could get vs spell damage
(I keep wanting to call it spell power)
I think it had that name in some xpac
If you rng on a short fight? Yeah probably
I think on a short ST short fight it probably pulls ahead
No adds
Yeah for its coefficient
Also is shadow vulnerability a debuff slot?
(Shadow bolt crit one)
Ah ok
I haven’t respecced yet lol didn’t touch destro tree
From the classic wowhead pre bis gear guide
Make sense
I’m sure crit gets better in BWL or aq when we have more of an abundance or crit
Of*
Took the ad off no free promotion here

Whoops
Yeah misusage of the word burst imo
Burst is on use, etc
How much value does crit have? Isn’t it like 10sp?
!imprequest
@phaco1 not out yet
!impsrequest
While leveling you do 3
So I’m assuming 3 still at 60?
How fast can u kill stuff at 60 with pre bis gear compared to like 55-57
Debating to grind runecloth while leveling or if I will crush stuff at 60 and do it then
Eh prob at 60 generally better
Ok ty
Is sm/ruin a decent farming spec aswell? Just for mob grinding?
I feel like I’m going to miss drain tank build
But I’m sure you nuke mobs in 1-2 sb
And shadow burn too
@Rørboss are u in the water?
U can’t reset dungeons if you are in water
Happened to me
In my experience? Might have been something else but worked when everyone logged off on land
So can you invite your alt to the group and pass lead to him then log on to him and reset it that way?
If u wanna skip 2nd acct?
Oh
I see
2nd account :emoji_66:
Do you legit only use for resetting? Lol
That’s true
I think I would only use for reset dungeon until I get a comfortable amount of gold I don’t think I would want chars really split across 2 Accts
Thanks!
@StainedClass lol unfortunate
How hard are they to kill?
So is azure mageblade bis for mages or do they want the staff? I need to come prepare on why I should get the mageblade on Monday 😃
!wands
!wand
!wandprogression
I thought that was a command lol
@Quackin too bad you aren’t on my server. I’d love to give u these gnome hands
He’s RPing as a mage
:gnomef: :immo: :conflag:
!leveling
@Eudemon a lot of people are using Dive’s Drain tanking build
It’s good for some things for sure
You can bet on your chicken against other chickens and see who lives
!levelingstat
!levelingstats
More shadow dmg the better
!stats
Welp
I tried

You’ll shred mobs with more shadow dmg I wouldn’t worry about int or Stam to spirit really
Especially if u put the rest of ur pts in demo 15% increased Stam
@aevitas I sold a few at 3-4g each
What level are you?
No
^
[Gravestone Scepter]
Health probably for p1
Higher hp pools will really help in p1 pvp
Is imp agony just not worth it?
Just because the likely hood of using it in raid is small?
Hmm ok
Fel conc seems really nice to have at max lvl
Prob one of my fav talents
Curse of Agony - 15/15 - 100% - 8.33 per tick (12)
I guess agony isn’t used too frequently so it makes sense
Just a buff in 5/10man content if anything it seems like
Oh wtf lol
Awful haha
Will burning steppes get me a level for alliance?
Kk I plan to quest there a little bit for a level
do I even bother going to silithus at 58/59 or just do dungeons/any other quest?
@Hep lol do you not have quests for 59-60 a majority of the time?
Hmm ok
#som-pvp
I think the pushback is pretty significant
@Scauldron no idea tbh I don’t think so?
Who do you guys put tongues on?
I feel like it’s most valuable on healers
I don’t know if it’s worth vs other dps
I feel like anytime I’ve died the other target could’ve use the agony dmg
But yeah healers I like it on
Maybe hybrids? But not 100% sold maybe depends on scenario
Lol
Wait till u fight a good mage
Or a warrior as a rogue
Everything has its counter
I had fun playing hunter for pvp generally speaking
Warlock can beat anything lol
Yeah I feel like it comes down to having the right pet out
For every fight
Yeah
Purge and interrupt is so good vs mages
Dispell your own polys
Or dispell ice barrier
I can’t wait to hit 60 to farm nades
It helps locks so much
They can’t
You can poly hunter pets
Not lock ones tho
Lol fel hunter demo spec is so funny
You get 46+ all resistances and your felhunter resists stuff already a lot
Yeah @Jon they can resist nova’s and a ton of stuff
Dark pact is just life tap except the life is pets mana and the 2nd part goes to you 🙂
@Jahordon yup! I sometimes like to lash of pain if mine is full mana starting fights
Lol
I think the more spell dmg u get the better destro is so yeah
Destro will burst harder yeah
Plus once u get juicy + dmg you start to really chunk
It’s ok
Just not as good as some gear
Even if u can’t soulfire immo to conflage is great
Yeah
Shadoweave
!levelingstats
What’s that command again btw
Sir dive
Rip

@Jahordon
LOL
@Jahordon go with higher + dmg
Shadoweave helm > big voodoo
Oh
[shadoweave mask]
@Jahordon
Can u seduce even if there is a tremor totem?
You can only ground seduce right?
A lot lol
I’ll look it up tho might be in #deleted-channel
1% Crit per 60.6 Intellect.
Yes J
ClassicCharacterStats shows you how much spell crit you have
If u want to track it
Nothing but mages so far that I’ve seen lol
[shadowlock blade]
[shadowsong blade]
Wtf lol
Witchblade
Yeah shadowsong blade
LOL
Warlock priority ofc
Exactly!
I need a shadowsong blade I’m running Mc on Monday finally lol
Are there any items that locks “should” get priority on?
Or we don’t really get any loot prio till like AQ?
I.e. mages get mana cord
Well raid wise*
I know mana cords should go to mages first
But I’m  assuming since our gear is kinda of weird p1 that doesn’t happen for us
Kk so no
Since mageblade benefits both casters equally
No one particularly has prio
I’m just trying to make sure I am fully aware of loot priorities on Monday when i raid and knew of mana cord
Kk sounds good
@jaye yeah I think so
Because the 2% crit will get more value yeah
Yeah mages use archmage for awhile
69421.33 repeating ofc
If I just want to keep mining/tailor is winter night good enough?
+40
@eldritch Stam is just great in general for pvp especially early on
Yeah not gonna bother with void chest
#deleted-channel
The spreadsheet shows the highest +
@kempfster
I’ve seen helm 40/41 from 2 different resources so idk about that one
@willheise drain life gets 50% value dots get 100%
Aka you crush things
I saw a 37 last night lol
Getting that new lifetap rank >>>>
But I wanna keep my 1h/OH
^
56 >>>
What happens when I ding 60? Can I not see this channel anymore? Is it going to be like Trix where I can’t see cuz I’m not a kid?
@Daisy yeah
Oof
6+ sp
I don’t really think so but if you are tailor go for it imo
I always use coa
Maybe a new immo or corruption or pet ability?
Lol
At least you could enjoy the rest of your 8 hours right?
Knowing you won’t be camping lol
That’s when u take off underwater breathing buff
I’m prob gonna camp it after 60 and epic mount
Hot
What is that weapon lol
Shoulders+helm looks dope
6+ lol
You should put firey enchant on it
Fiery*
@Deleted User great name first off
People make money with herb/alch
Mining
What spec are you?
Do you have boot enchant?
I believe so
That and Stam
@Deleted User do you have boot enchant to make u to Faast?
Dreamweave lol
Yeah profs are great
Nice
Focal club
Haha I just got earth gloves last night
That chest is nice!
@Goetia gz!
Do you start fight max range and kite in big circles?
Maybe watch some other videos
To see how other ppl do it and see what you doing diff
I’ve seen snutz do it pretty easily as sm/ruin
Is the doom guard from doom hard to kill? Is it instant wipe or nah?
My step mom caught me with my pants down the other day @Kuram  UGH. You know how those movies turn out...!
@TrebledBass I’ll say a prayer for u LOL
That’s unfortunate
Jed yeah
Oh is ok’Thor a rare too???
😦
@RUBZy did the ring drop at least?
Ah ok
I haven’t hit 60 yet lol and haven’t got any rings that are worth anything
Yes
With fel conc
You barley get pushbacked and lose any ticks
It’s very good
Yeah I saw it up once haven’t been looking at AH a ton lately cuz I lvl down engi I’ll have to start looking again
Wow lol
Which realm rub?
Ah
LOL
op
Have u guys been killing bosses before you use both demonic rune and mana pots or no?
How are avg kill times though? Like what mana things u popping for raid bosses?
Just trying to estimate what I need to bring
@Nino did ur guild clear?
Eh +26 isn’t too crazy u can try and sell it tho
so how hard is it to get drakestone of shadowrath
do i take 5 points in suppression for raiding
or just 3
why do i take 3 for levleing but 5 for raiding?
just thats how the hit works?
so for raiding 5/5 suppresion?
anyone have WA for shadow vulnerability?
can u summon yourself anmd hearth and accpet summon?
sweet
its just if i want to hop out of a dung to sum myself
and sell quick take it back
ding 60
😄
fr lol
If I’m spending sm/ruin can I take 5/5 fel conc. And skip imp coex and some points in imp coa?
Fel conc just seems so nice for solo farm
Anyone thoughts on 5/5 fel conc?
@Square1 yeah not a lot of tanks at all lol
3/5 suppression or 5/5 suppression for raiding?
Ty
So can I ask a Mara question here?
Maybe someone else has encounter a similar issue
Do you guys use a pet for mara? If not do you try to get hit by her before she has her windury stacks up to the ceiling? I’ve encounter 2 times where she has hit me like 5 times in a row back to back. Also I killed her a few times but some with mechanical monkeys from the Winterspring quest
I’ve only done princes maybe 8 times? Just trying to perfect it so I can do it cleanly
And consistently
Ahh ok
So you do go with the pet then?
I have boot enchant
Nah not for classic
Hmm ok
And dismiss VW when I reset instance?
Kk
Oh nice tip
Yeah ^ lol
Ok
I’ve seen 2 diff videos
But I just kill tinkerer where he is kinda and kite him in a circle
I’ve seen the strat where he runs to Princess too
Ty all
Hopefully I can start doing them with 0 mistakes
Yeah skull doesn’t work properly atm
Takes flat % of your health. Ticks for 293 on my char every tick
@bloop curse of exhaustion and run to them to get in their dead zone
You are better off playing fel hunter
Or VW
They can’t break out of death coil
Yeah
Should I use death coil on cd or only after a shadowbolt crit?
For raiding for dmg
Because you shadowburn during that
And it’s on a 99 parse
For the crit
Shadowburn takes prio so I was wondering if deathcoil is the same
It does
For raiding at least because stacks get eaten up fast
I’m asking strictly for dmg
For raiding
Yeah I was just curious for max dmg
Just wondering how to maximize for when we use full consume runs etc
Man I got fel shoulders on Tuesday and I love it
I think you can have arcane elixir and shadow elixir up at same time?
I didn’t know there was a greater one
*you are fizzled*
Yeah that’s what some people do
You can kinda mess around with imp coa, coex and fel conc
That’s what I typically see as variations
I prefer going coa and coex
But yeah 5 fel conc is amazing
Just for pvp really
I haven’t even tried rotgrip
Where is the sheet for gph if u include rotgrip?
Yes u can
Unless if u wanna sit on it till p4 for bloodvine
I made 140g last night from mara lol
Sold 3 rings
Is Rotgrip hard to kill?
Does he give a lot of gold per hour?
Never bothered with him
Ah ok
I can probably get my 5 runs per hour better through just mining the nodes once my mining is high enough
Field?
Are u playing sm/ruin?
I just take 3 in imp agony and 4/5 imp coex
Oh
Is it only based off base dmg of agony?
Well I didn’t have any use for the 3 talent points so I just threw it in there
I have imp coex
For pvp 3
Raiding 5
I thought u needed 3?
Oh
So I can do 4/5 for raid then with sash?
I haven’t even been able to use coex tbh
Ok I wanna tank dungeons so bad now after watching that stay safe video lol sounds so fun
Can’t wait to use that yugggge slow
It’s pretty cool it’s a curse too
And not have to look for tanks 😂
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Jh1dGAEbdIs
Makes a good amount of sense tbh
Lol
Not really
Demo soul link and
10% physical reduction by VW
So 40% total
Immo and searing do a lot of threat
Plus he is wearing dreadmist in the video which has a lot of primary stats
You’d have a lot of % reduction
If you have a priest ezpz
Plus 4 dpsing basically
- for fun
“Never”
I could see it
1 lock 39 healers
LOL
*fizzled*
Haven’t had too many brawls yet but I like my spec and toolkit
It’s nice using different pets running around instead of succubus while leveleing
:doggo: Poggo
Yup I love it
Such a toxic ability LOL
Juking
Fake casting
Yeah
Lmfao
I think they changed it late in vanilla
How much gold can rotgrip net per hour?
That’s not bad actually
That’s almost 10 an hour
And that’s 100 for 10 hours
So is it worth me doing rotgrip and trying to mine everything?
Or just mining and goblin/princess?
If I can’t which should take prio?
I guess it depends on how much mithril sells for
Ok thanks
I was looking for that
So ideally I want to kill all 3 for 5 runs for max value?
Hmm ok
Kick also costs energy lol
But I guess free wins for you
Azshara a better place for felcloth over jadenaar/ Jade fire run?
Hmm ok
If you want to flask great 🙂 if not great 🙂 lol
@TrebledBass lol
I mean it’s a valid question “why flask in MC”
I think it’s great but some don’t like to
I think a whole raid flashing is really sweet
Everyone pushes harder and try’s to clear in a faster time
But I think it comes down to team mindset
I think if a whole guild flasks definitely worth. Flask if you want to do well on dmg meters. If you don’t care about either then w/e
Personally I think it’s fun to push yourself to the best you can be on your character
You are basically cloning 3 1/2 azure mage baldes and putting them on your body with a flask
I think the core ideology is if you want to collectively want to do as much damage as possible and clear as quickly. But if you don’t want to do that that’s fine too
Also guilds that agree to use flasks and pots etc, they are usually better anyways because they want to be the best they can
The people that want to flask just want to push their characters to their best and do the most damage
I don’t see why that’s controversial lol
If you want to be good at anything and put more time in to be so that’s great
Well the best guilds are doing it in like 2 hours prob
And it’s because they enjoy being good and doing dmg and maxing characters
:SB: :SB: :SB:
It makes me sad we don’t have a spriest in raid
Also apparently you can snapshot dots with priest’s PI LOL
I don’t think they “spam” it
It’s just in raid when there are multipliers it can get a lot of dmg out
I.e, shadow vulnerability(shadow bolt crit), spriest buff shadowburn pumps then
You actually have to tel looks to stop dps when a lock crits so you get all the damage for yourself EZ
Ideal raid comp, as many warlocks as possible(to crit for you to get the dmg debuff), PI priest, shadow priest, balance Druid in your group for crit. = Max parse ??
Actually every priest PI priest to buff you***
The multipliers make it good to pop when they are up that’s why
Probably a lot
You will never die though :sher_lock:
:SL:
Respec to soul link and make gold dueling for gold to respec
“For the raid” if you aren’t top it doesn’t matter anyways
@Kindran there is a spreadsheet
It basically works like SimC
Soul link so you never die in raids and can tank bosses
:hang: im a dumb dumb
Goodbye cruel world :hang:
PvP dumb dumb
I only play conflag/nf in raids
It the PvE chat when people talk about certain subjects
:pepe_atiesh: :LIP:
Me
:sher_lock:
Well I’m glad u asked
The bot believes in one thing for warlocks
That is
*atiesh*
I need a bot in raid so I can brainwash my teammates into giving me the weapon first :thonk:
Maybe I make a macro
/raid atiesh warlock priority
/cast shadowbolt
@Mordak the biggest thing is having full mana and pumping shadowbolts
Obviously after putting up your curse
If it’s a pack of 2 I use corruption on both targets curse main
Then shadowbolt
Also be ready for the packs if u can in raid
I’m close to tanks so I’m always trying to pump early
But for raid i corruption both targets apply curse and sbolt
Yeah mordak that doesn’t help lol
How much + shadow do u have?
Were u allowed corruption?
Any consumes? But being 60 for dps sucks in general
Oh! You don’t have max shadowbolt
You learn it at 60 lol so that helps
Rank 11 AQ rank 10 lvl 60
I’m prob gonna try ds/ruin for next raid with full consumes to see how I can do
I only used shadow elixir few mana pots a few demonic runes
@Potato demonic runes for the RP
Ofc
^ how to spot a European gamer lol
“Cba”
:emoji_63:
Nope fortunately LOL
I’ve only respecced once so far from leveling spec to sm/ruin
Nah
I think your benefit from a raid spell + more
Or with stats
@Mordak I need mount, buy some gear, engi and consumes lol
So much...!
Nice
WOAH TOS
Can we get a mod to ban this mod??
28 is really cheap lol
:pepe_knife: :pepe_sweat:
I kind of want to torture myself this weekend and spam Mara Saturday/Sunday for epic mount
And consumes etc
Work “brewreset” to the bone
Yeah epic mount is too strong
200g damn
I might buy the sp enchant lol on my focal
I really wanna go hard next raid. Did well just wish I had more stuff on me
nice!!!
That’s sick lol we had no blade drop
I did get bis 39+ helm and 2 nem pieces
Wrists are pretty nice tbh
Shoulders are meh
Probably that or blade
More epics = look cooler = more dps
Wow quack
Those were 50 a pop on my sever
I have songstone
So I just need 1 more ring
Colorblind mode?
He is in endgame PvE chat you have to be lvl 60 to get in the club
Probably only thing up
I have a fire wand still :pepe_sweat:
Everyone post quick he passed out
Quack get a songstone 😡
???
At work and on phone
Sounds.. familiar
Do you guys ever CoA the alt target in raids if it’s 2 mobs? Or not worth
Seems like drifting a sbolt sounds better
Nah like if you have 2 giants and off one is chilling there
Anyone ever give him a little agony?
Or is it not worth?
Seems like corruption 100% worth but not agony
Just feels like crit sbolt on main target is nicer
Yeah it will
Kk
@Osku are u lvl 60
I think some take fel conc and put some points into curse do exhaustion and imp ex
@Lore just watch a couple videos on different strats I don’t die on that fight anymore
I also rarely stop running and make biig circles
I don’t think fel conc is that great in PvP tbh
That just means you can easily get locked out in shadow and are standing not running or casting other stuff
They haven’t done mara enough LUL
I just think you can press better globals than drain life
Hunters you want to press them and dead zone
Idk I don’t think it’s worth really and doesn’t do enough dmg/healing I could be wrong but seems like you could be spending it better but def not vs those 3
Shamans can kick too with earthshock
You don’t cast shadowbolt in PvP that much for 1v1 lol
Maybe if they are in fear and you have full dots
I don’t see drain life being that useful
For pvp purposes I don’t think it’s that good
(Drain life)
Depends on who you are facing for sure
Not gonna lie I haven’t had some good pvp action since I dinged like 6 days ago lmfao been in dungeons getting gear or doing mara I need to get my epic mount, finish engi trinkets and then farmmm
hello
full shadow + gear or drop 100 shadow + for like 700 more stam lol
didnt know if the extra stam would be kind of nice
yeah same
was jw if anyone takes a little different approach for mara
If I have mining how many hours to mara will I have to complete to get 900g?
I made like 130g last night wasn’t too bad
But also sold a few rings
Like 1 1/2 hour -2
But ring sales will eventually dry out :pepe_hands:
@Deleted User sounds awful
^ a lot of people don’t want to admit they are wrong and always want to be defensive etc lol
@Deleted User diff loot
Generally you don’t full clear strat and stick to one side
@Tammo you are doing them too quick
That only happens if you do 5 before 1 hour
Yeah
Rivendare mount on res
[whispered secrets]
Good question
I think mana cord still
Shadow priests stack int for more shadow weaving = higher guaranteed shadow debuff for lock parse
They don’t need whispered 🙂
Also people didn’t have warlock discord’s to min/max with
But yeah plus it’s MC
Ofc they did
Tbc warlock Arena channel  😍
Had some fun duels outside of IF yesterday
Kind of sad more ppl weren’t out but it was an odd hour time
Im not SL
I’m dueling as sm/ruin but they are still fun
I was only dueling a mage and another warlock
You know you can spell lock a rogue and make him not able to use vanish
So funny
Pre kick his vanish
I remember when leaf wasn’t going to be in phase 1 LOL
That was the last straw for my hunter life
Oh really?
I’ll have to test with a rogue
Yeah I can’t wait to use my quiver for my fire wand
And not do any dmg to ony
If you have VW out its a bit easier imo  I’ve tried seducing hunter and killing pet still will be close
Scratch scratch meow meow
:deepthought2:
Anyone have their agm yet? I got 2 trinkets yesterday lol
Lmfao
Rotate everyone in
Yup
Is HoJ dispellable in classic?
I haven’t fought a pally yet in a duel
Ok didn’t know if it was randomly physical
Felhunter it is
It’s classic
U never know
I do remember dispelling hoj now on priest actually
Rip
Poisons
Yeah
Not physical like live
Nah
Wow lmao
That’d be nice
Duel someone
Viper sting is annoying for sure
I’m just focusing on epic mount then finishing my engi items etc
At least I have 40 grenades atm
Lol
Flying warlock
:nice:
Probably not??
No idea probably not for awhile
Vanilla it was everything in bgs really
> pick up flag
> drop flag
> pickup flag
> drop flag
> pickup flag
> turn in flag 🙂
Can’t wait to get my rocket helm
No idea
I’m mining/engi
Yeah
I just buy my shadow elixir off AH
Anyone have a particular rank they are going for?
I at least want pvp mount doubt I’ll go any higher
R10 is some gear
Gloves for sure
Anything after r10 is gonna be a lot more a time investment
^
Not false but vanilla
Yeah a lot do my guildies are r1 players so I’m sure we will have fun in premades
Wpvp 1v1’s >>
When u find then 1v1’a tho
Juiiiice
*mages*
Yeah
Blink aoe
Lmfao
I hated undead rogues while leveling
And they weren’t even daggers yet
:gnomef: tho
LOL
Bubble hearth never dead
LUL
1h/OH meta
Also that’s considering a PvE rotation where you are throwing shadowbolt a all the times
Sm/ruin or conflag for bgs
Both have burst
Conflag/nf(nightfall)
But you get so low crit in PvP
Plus dots don’t crit
Idk I think for p1, Stam> spell dmg> int= crit
That’s what’d I say generally for p1 PvP
But there isn’t too much spell dmg u can get mainly just shadow dmg
[mana cord]
[mana ignition cord]
Idk it’s kind of whatever u have
The stats are pretty nice
I like mana better for pvp but if you are lacking Stam maybe?
The other one is straight up shadow dmg which eh
Mana cord >
Stats just have more value in PvP
Main stats*
I don’t think hp5 matters that much
[felheart waist]
[felheart belt]
That one is good too
I think you are thinking too PvE about it essentially
For pvp you wouldn’t want raw sp you want stats
Felheart is great? Plus bonuses?
Sash isn’t that good
I mean PvE it’s good
PvP itscok
Stam int and sp
Fel 5pc is great
Felheart belt isn’t that bad tho lol
Lol
Huggge upgrade
5-8% crit rn for pvp is w/e
Imo
I’d focus on having stats and spell dmg
If just gonna stick to sm/ruin until like p2 or p3 BWL gear will help a lot
For wpvp etc
Your spell dmg will be pretty low till BWL I think tho
I don’t see it being that great
It gets really strong with juicy +
Sure 1v1 you can seduce soulfire
But if he has half a brain and pops one of his many abilities to get out he will prob global you if you just have shadow wrath green. Along with everyone else
Especially if you are alli
I only have 2.3k hp on shadow wrath/raid gear and 3.2k in PvP gear def big difference
I haven’t made too much effort for my pvp set yet. Do you have any pts in demo?
That’s 15% Stam
I’m sm/ruin
My 1h/oh and trinkets have no stats just PvE items
My pvp set is just odd items I’ve picked up so far. Far from complete
@DaBatzi also drain tank you prob focus on Stam. You’d have 420 less Stam without demo talents
Sp and Stam
But yes sp
Just saying that ofc you have highish Stam because demo though
Yes it is
Yeah I want rank 10/11 too
Don’t you still need raptor training to use it though?
There is no epic mount training
Raptor training
Like get exated with darkspear to ride it
Exalted
[black war raptor]
Pretty sure
All mounts require “faction riding skill”
Guess not for the PvP ones
At least according to the DB
Yeah I’ve seen mixed things lol
But that makes the most sense
Sweet
Phase 2 yeah
Aq gear for sure
It’ll be solid
Earth warden gloves are decent too
From Winterspring
“Endgame”
Star belt is ok
But lot of options at 60
Yeah arena runs
What’s everyone’s shadow + at right now? I’m 324+ unbuffed
@karnos an addon
60 int = 1 crit
ClassicCharacterStats is what I use
Yeah I don’t have any good raid gear yet
Or weapon enchant
Oh nice
My gear is really nice for pre-raid haven’t got lucky in raid tho
More + shadow dmg
@Kiporion
I have a 39+ shadow wrath helm
Yes
Shadow dmg is super strong
Just helps you do more dmg really also your crits can get large too
60 int = 1 crit
^
Int doesn’t really matter
Just focus on dmg + right now
Stack as much +
I have very low hp with my raid gear lol
But very large dmg
:gnomef: :bos:
Like 2.4 unbuffed
Yeah
Hp really isn’t too much of a worry for MC
Just pay a healer 10g a raid to focus heals on you and stand in fire gg
@Kiporion id recommend saving some gear that has Stam/int just for open world so you have some stats lol
Exactly
But I was able to pick up a few huge items on the AH for cheap
Some ppl know + shadow wrath has a lot of gold value some don’t
It’s worth looking for
And can be cheap upgrades 😄
I have a 5+ str 5+ Stam Fire wand
I think I should delete my wand until I get skuls or something lol
Crit gets more value with more gear but dmg+ too good rn
You can death coil into wotf thankfully
Bombs help a ton too
Felhunter definitely has the most options
Especially if you are alliance
VW and felhunter are my favs for pvp
whats best 3 curses?
for ony
out fo the 4
if we had 3locks
so reck elemtns shadow?
kk
i passed on a staff of dominance tonight lol
pretty much why bother id rather have mageblade anyways
hasnt dropped for raid
apparently 0 for us haha
Yeah or int
Stam is more important though
Plus no spell dmg lol
Just get a 2nd account and make him a priest get him to 60 and have him spam rank 1 sw:pain on your target so you have a personal debuff bot :sher_lock:
@kiisara dont down rank your dots
Once you get dark pact life gets much easier
Also make sure your aren’t at 100% hp after throwing dots up
I always life tapped after throwing all dots out maybe even twice then drain
Leveling gets buttery smooth on a baguette very soon
You will be a machine with shadow + dmg and I think you get a new drain at 40-42? I was able to kill mobs back to back for what felt like forever around like lvl 40+ never was an issue
/castsequence !Shoot,!Shoot
@JesusLord
I think this works as well
#showtooltp Shoot
 /cast !shoot
@Beastly__DPS took me like 5 days played I think
Maybe slightly more?
I was doing night elf quests while I was leveling and solo questing but I think it was pretty efficient for the most part despite a lot of my traveling
Lol
@Beastly__DPS what level are you currently? And what have you been doing to level?
Drain tank build is excellent to level with if you aren’t using that already
Efficient leveling for sure
@JesusLord I posted the macro in leveling channel btw
Imp before you can get succubus
!draintanking
!leveling
Dive’s guide
Good spec to level
General tips I’d say is questing is really strong, green quests can be good still. Don’t really bother for dungeons unless you have quests there
Ah succubus is a lot nicer
Also
Life tap if you are full hp
So you can drain life it back
Nope
Succubus owns
What kull said
Yeah
Also do bfd for the wand you get from a quest there
It is very strong for awhile
As far as zones... questie is nice because it tells you level of quests around different areas if you are ever lost on where to go next
That helped me a lot around 40-45 when I was unsure where to go next
Is that the one that shows undiscovered areas?
Ah nice
I wouldn’t worry about leveling too much just grind out quests
If you are stuck look something on classic.wowhead
Or ask here
The Blackfathom feels dungeon wand is nice
Well the thing is with classic
Sometimes for example
Ashenvale: 20-22 then u go to stone talon 22-24 then back to ashenvale 22-24
^ that’s not true # wise but often you’ll hop back and forth between zones because the quests get high level but generally you can stay in a zone for a bit
Also log out in an inn for rested xp it isn’t huge, but helps long term
Yeah
You can buy the mats and have someone make them for you
Or buy off AH if it’s cheap
But if you are new to wow it’ll take a little bit to level lol
Going back to your original question haha
I think a lot of quick levelers are 5-7 days to 60
Generally locks aren’t too bad to level quests are good, sometimes grinding mobs for a few bars is ok and dungeon quests are nice. Dungeon farming with a non-super fast group isn’t worth it lol
Yeah definitely man
Just try to be as efficient as possible going back to major city every 2 levels for new spells
Yeah for sure
The next raid won’t come out till p3 so
You have awhile
You’ll be 60 for the rest of classic once u hit 60
Especially if you get a group to farm with
Felhunter not as much
Has higher base resistance
I’d say nice vs casters anything else w/e
Warden staff bis for pvp ofc
Ez survival
Yeah that off hand bangs
whats better for warlocks
kings or wisdom
riaidng
raiding* if we only hav2s
whats better
rain of fire 4 mobs
or dot and single target
prob dots especially since i have 500 sp
yeah thats really good
curse of doom or agony if we have the free curse avaliable?
I feel like it shouldn’t be able to
But idk
Classic
I’ve only seen Jed once trinket dropped I won
LOL
I’ve only ran UBRS twice and the first time I just got summoned to last boss/the beast for the quests
I got really lucky for pre-raid bis tbh
Also I had like 540+ shadow dmg last night with full consumes lol
Jeez nice dude
I need strat for wand and scholo for small weapon upgrade
Flask, greater arcane and elixir of shadow power
Mara/DM channel for when it comes out lol
P4
I’ve sold a good number before at 25g
I’m about to do up to 150 runs for my epic mount this weekend
With mining
A stack of 10 ore is selling for like 2g a pop on my server
Adds a nice bit on
Plus solid stone
I haven’t got an average but yeah
I want to add on rotgrip but I haven’t perfected killing me yet
Killing him*
I can like 2 shots mobs that are 48-53
But I know what u mean for drain tank
U can still go 5/5 fel conc and give up 3 in agony and 2 in imp coex @Proto
You can make a ton of gold dropping profs and getting stuff hot
@Proto first respec is 1g
Next is 5g
If I have decent gear u can 2 shot mobs
Below 53
With shadowbolt
@Deleted User depends on if u have more green shadow wraths or not
I’m like 2400/2500?
150 Mara runs at 30gph = epic mount
I have mining but herb def seems way better overall
@SebastianS not really
It’s just mechanics
It’ll help ofc
25
No
How many people kill rot grip as well?
You park then in 1 of two spots
So you can give them ring
For shrooms?
Yeah
Too bad I’m not herb
Yeah
!leveling
Play conflag/nf with some sp+ gear and thats burst
Sp and crit
Did some duels outside of IF was super fun
Anyone else been dueling a lot? I have around 3.5k hp it feels pretty good
Hunters seem interesting to duel. Do you guys prefer succubus or VW? I’m playing sm/ruin btw. But multi shot absolutely trucks. Me and him went back and forth a bit
@wasniahC felhunter bangs for purging and blanket silence/ 8 sec silence if u kick a school
Plus succubus is 50/50 if you are alliance
89 princess kills
Confirmed dbm tracks kills
Anything decent from DM?
I briefly scrolled through the other day didn’t really see anything that great
@Stabile names?
[felcloth gloves]
Wow
And Stam
[blade of the new moon]
Yoooo
Hell yeah
It’s ok I had reed already 🙂
Those gloves look JUICY
1% crit is roughly 12-14 sp
Also prob better in raid for isb
Literally bought mount last night . L O L
prob gonna do quest for fun though
For the experience
Should be?
Why is this called fast food discussions instead of endgame PvE discussion?
Rip
Brewmaster tank = Brewtank
Nasty lol
Nah
Arena player
Dive BAR?
With potential fast food in there?
I’d consider Waffle House in fast food
So you are telling us you are not a swimmer then?
Fast food restaurant
Pizza Hut and dominos should be on the same tier
Both terrible
:offtopic:
U need to go to metric discussion channel
*resist*
You can avoid pretty much everything vanishing right before hand
So it looks like the felcloth gloves and the dagger are the only two valuable pieces from DM as a whole?
If you have p1 pre-his
Bis
Well I had reed
So
👁
👁 + reed
I guess for dungeons?
Imagine receiving gear from raid yet
:pepe_hands:
What’s the bad version of reed called
:yikes:
Yikes
Peasant trinket
@thisisbleep ty
Is dm worth farming? Or stick to mara?
Coil into fear is nice setup guarantees it
Then full dots
Re fear
Pump
Gg
Nah not really
Only periodic dmg like a shadowbolt breaks it more often
Fear doesn’t break from dots too often/easily
You can deathcoil into will
Which helps
Will inmunes for 5 seconds so you can refear a few seconds after coil
Also you could bait a lockout on fire during will
Depends if he is arms or not
If he is undead or pops beserker rage you are dead
Something similar happened to be though and I won but war was Tauren and I had succubus out
He didn’t pop deathwish or get the chance to beserker Rage my fear
I think you should lose
Or if u get lucky you can win
Now if you are 56 or 58
It’s different cuz less resist
Etc
Yeah kinda
Sounds sus loo
Lol*
CURSE OF WEAKNESS OR AGONY FOR 4TH CURSE?
no troll
asking lol
ok
@Quackin is weakness trash
or should i really agonoy
agony*
no
ok
thank you
we have 4 warlocks in our guild
just wanna make sure its not troll for me assinging curses like that
ok thanks
should ppl ues real curses on trash?
or it doesnt matter
should all locks use real curses on trash?
or everyone agony
ok
idk whats right
just tryna do whats best for raid lol
real curses seem like they net most dmg
but just checking
well im agony
ok
but for the rid
raid*
should my locks use real ones
damn lol
i dont know if i want to get staff of dominance or not
i wanna save till mageblade lol
i plan to pvp too ugh
39+
so i got staff of dominantion...
ugh
My guild might have a duel tourney Thursday. If gold is involved in def gonna respec SL LOL
Felcloth gloves and the dagger
Oh wow it’s BoP?
That’s toxic lol
:offtopic:
Lol
@float you are lvl 30 speccing for pvp?
Fel conc brother
I wouldn’t worry about pvp talents atm or speccing for it
I mean drain tank and sm/ruin are very similar
I just respecced to sm/ruin at 60
58*
^
!leveling
There you go
Yeah it’s a great resource
I’ve never been a cilantro guy either
Yea
@Crix depending on what you are doing
I’d say go for robe, ToEP, spell power rings or azure mageblade
Mage = mana cord first
Idk I’ve always heard that it is mage priority
No it’s not that @BananaPudding
Oh that’s why
Because they don’t have a good alt
We do
There u go
What a team effort
^
Lock All day
For same reasons
Their crafted robe is way better
warlock prio
Doesn’t matter they have better alt
If you want to prioritize the best
Aq
One time in blasted lands
An orc warrior tried to jump me while I was killing a mob at low hp/mana
I managed to kill him but as I typed to emote at him his dots killed me. I ran back as fast as possible and then killed him about 3 times at his body and another 5 when I saw him
I didn’t feel that bad because he kind of jumped me like a dickhead lol
Imagine having mageblade 😦
I got staff of dominance last night
Nice
Well the thing is
It was kind of a free roll
Since it’s not “bis” for anyone really that could use it
Yeah
Meme roll
I mean ofc 1h/oh is better for that purpose
But I mean it’s an upgrade for now so w/e
I have 2 pvp off-hands
Well mage/off hand
But yes it beats pre-raid
Nah
^
But yeah I’m sure people will still be salty if I get a mageblade
But if anyone wanted the staff it’s still not better than mageblade/off-hand... so...
Ah nice we’ve had a few full guild runs now
It’s not bad for sure
It’s just mageblade/odd-hand is just better
For the options presented
I have the onyxia off-hand
Idk what it’s called yet again another meme roll
Yeah
Dkp sounds awful tbh
I’m really glad my guild doesn’t do that
Nice I have my 3pc fel for pvp now
Chest is nice
Just do runs in 13 mins each
To be safe
Or add in rotgrip to pad your time
Yeah it boots you out if you do it too quick too many times
I’ve missed timer by 2ish minutes a few times
Well you guys should have same timer?
@Squ!gs you can as a gnome
I usually hug the left side and jump into the water
But if I sold ring I tried running through giants and it worked
Tauren shadow priests exists next closest thing right?
Legion was a great xpac tbh PvE and PvP wise I loved tbc tho too
Yeah it was
Get rep for your heroic key lol
Unlock shattered halls
Mages dominate hunters
Deadzone gg
Also
Hunters typically don’t have pet stun
Because that’s from BM
Most play mm/surv build
Yeah
Yup
It will be
The only pet stun not from talents is boar but it’s a 1 sec pet stun
Honestly I think a mage should beat hunter 9/10 times
Yeah it’s usually mm then points into surv
Getting stun is a bit down
This was a pretty typical premade spec
Some people go kinda deep into survival too but I think mage should win
Also lock vs hunter duels have been the most interesting duels so far for me
As sm/ruin
Pretty fun
@QR99ST but I agree the further the hunter can open the better chances he has lol
Yeah
You can get 10% increased agi and skip wyvern sting (last tp and pretty much useless)
Infieles a hunter yesterday and he was critting 1.2 milti’s
Multi’s*
Well yeah tidal charm is buuuusted
Yeah tidal charm so op for locks
3 sec ranged stun lol
Yeah that’s the only thing I don’t like about lock dueling
Is shards
I mean any class ressing has to buff etc
But we have a pet so yeah
Either way off a res you’ll be a disadvantage
Unless if you are demo and can quickly res
How is being at 50% off a res an advantage
And 50% mana
No I’m saying ressing when ur opponent is full hp/mana lol
And we came to a conclusion
I think max rank death coil is worth it
But maybe at a certain sp+ not?
Doesn’t death coil only give 100+ more for each new rank?
R1 death coil might be ok to have as a keybind
There are only 3 ranks for death coil
Yeah prob just max rank
So how is dm/ruin for solo play?
Ds*
I want to switch because I know it’s better for raiding
And approaching 400 spell dmg
I want to do the most dmg
Can u zoom In on the Coca Cola more pls
Also congrats
Damn
PIN IT
yum
Ah damn
Conflicting brands ofc
Seattle?
@Reimu when I have gold I check AH for cloth shadow wrath
Oh
Nice
I only have 29
Eternal crown is highest roll helm too
Anyone have a recommendation to farming skul in strat live?
I was sad to replace my green lense
Nice I just have a +39 helm rn
Random green in MC was very nice to get
Is there a good way to farm Skul?
Can u see him from the entrance or no?
I need the wand
:pepe_sweat: i don’t need it I don’t need to farm it
Pog
:nice:
Thanks quackin von bigglesworth

I made this on a nice gamer night
With a Mountain Dew ofc
@vilbe up to you more sp is more dmg, more dmg means more egirls
Net o Matic Brownies
Oof
I’m going to start looking for skul tonight
I need to get dark gambit’s thing for vectus neck too
bloodvine set bonus
do u need tailoring?
Earth wardens
But that’s because I don’t have anything else
I think felcloth gloves or t1 gloves would be great though
How much hp do you have in your Pvp gear? And what spec are you?
Robe of the void is sick btw
12 Stam ton of sp+
Umm it could be higher for sure
I’m at like 3.5???
Those are ok
I have felheart
I have a lot of gear pieces without any stats just spell dmg still
Ah ok
The new felcloth gloves and dagger coming out with DM will be nice for pvp
Both only do shadow + but still is strong
And both have Stam
Songstone of ironforge and unicorn band
Those are good
Both have stats and good + dmg
Maybe if you got a really good ring with a bunch of stats but those are really solid
I have like 270 + dmg with pvp gear which isn’t horrible
I think the dmg is definitely important too along with a strong amount of Stam. I dueled a bunch of ppl last night was pretty fun got really good practice for lock vs lock
Umm
The Stam one with 13 shadow dmg
I forget the name
I could’ve got star but I didn’t bother because I like mine more for PvE and PvP
Btw lock vs lock duels are pretty troll lol
Is anyone going to try and get helm/shoulders in p2?
Since they are bis going into BWL? Is ranking in wpvp going to be easyish doing that?
Once I figured out the strat I literally won every duel vs lock guildie
Maybe ranking during BWL will be good to fill in a few pieces until you get BWL helm/shoulders
So originally I tried to coil lock CS his pet then banish it
However felhunter resists like every cast in the game
And if u don’t save your kick for the other warlocks shadow school it’s pretty much gg
So I then just started by shadow warding myself and putting all my dots up on him and pumping searing pains after immo
When your opponent gets low enough you can coil shadowburn maybe win with that burst
Put an engi grenade on top of that and yeah gg
Also another thing you could add to that is Grenade the pet to fear the warlock, while the pet is Sapped from Grenade the pet can’t kick. But I didn’t try that, it might resist that too :pepe_sweat:
TL;DR dot, searing pain spam and save kick for shadow!
Spellstone is great too
Was using that too
Also purging his demon armor is nice and u can dispell yourself too
Spellstone is huge vs another lock so strong
Oh I guess it really isn’t prob dispell ur corruption and fears
If u can dispell fear in vanilla?
Haven’t tried yet
Either way
You are saving kick for shadow school
So it’s not an issue really
Ccing felhunter cba tho pointless
And he didn’t even have t1 5pc
Hmm good point I think dots give rage
I’d say probably?
I’d have to rest idk how much rage it would give him
Felhunter is already insane resist as a base
Def not worth
Voidwalker or suc
Felhunter does nothing vs warrior
Noting to interrupt/silence or purge
No I think he means is it worth attacking with pet at all for the rage
But prob not
It doesn’t do dmg anyways :pepe_hands:
Btw skeleton off-hand from onyxia PUMPS
I used a few times in duels and it’s really strong
It does a ton of dmg lol
so whats better the 8+ librams or the 8+ spell dmg?
for raid
is it better though than 16 int
from 2 enchants
ok then ill go sp dmg
OMG
rotgrip evaded me
and then went up 50% hp and killed me
he was at 10%
yeah im gonna have him in diff spot next time
that was so troll
lol
i dont think converting to lifetaps matters as much
if u use runes and mana pots first
plus higher spell dmg gives higher lifetaps too
370*3
what 2% talent lol
oh lol
i just take intensity
yea
becasue the tooltip
So do any dm farms work?
Has anyone tested yet?
Well it’s our dive
Out
😠
Someone test
I nnneeeeeeeeedd it
Cuban food smash or pass
I’m surprised they didn’t have it up by 7am tbh
Mp5
I’m going to tongues every warlock I see from now on
So they have a 7 sec cast time
I didn’t wait because I wanted a nightsaber
Cba waiting for dreadsteed, cool mount though
I’m going to be patiently waiting at the AH for the first felcloth gloves to pop up
LOL
Do we have a GPminute yet?
@mood no one knows DM has been out for 4 minutes
Old wowhead comments prob nerfed on live too
Watching frostadmus looks nerfed
!naxxsolo
DmHogger
Wait so one warlock can get the mount for two warlocks?
Hilarious
So back in vanilla all that stuff was nerfed in like 1.5 I’m not sure why people thought it wouldn’t be
You can check old comments too and find it
So are there any viable farms from DM? Or no
Ok
Ty
He could be mm/surv
You can opt for a 10-15% increase in hp I forgot how much
Maybe full t1 or something relative
agony ro doom for raid?
for*
we have a free debuff slot
isnt doom better?
true
whats better
39+ helm or nem hlem
ty
so nem > 39
nem hlem > 389 home
39*
ok
intimidation factor too
ty boys
very maginal for sure
BOE
Pattern is BoP
Is killing that water elemental a good farm?
@Dinopoops i farm it as sm/ruin
I have the boot enchant and send VW in for dust cloud proc then pull him on follow again
Mara farm is fine but if u make gold another way just do that??
I made like 750g in 2 days in mara
Then stopped doing it really
I just go as sm/ruin no need to respec
Anything that drops essences are generally good
Nice
I think u can pre fap Boulder
I don’t think u can use fap like a trinket if im not mistaken
Free action potion
If they are already in zerker stance they can’t be feared for like 6 seconds due to beserker rage
I believe you can death coil it like you can with will of the forsaken? Or is that incorrect. Also when you 1v1 any class as a warlock I feel like a lot of matchups benefit if you have the best pet out for the matchup
So how do u guys do onyxia? Do U not dps until she is in the sirV do tanks pop deathwish? I always end up stopping for like 10-20 seconds for threat lol
@Quackin yeah I had to wait a few minutes to hop into a dungeon group before lol
Wait so fireballs reset threat right?
Yeah I haven’t pulled the way last 2 times but I feel like I can’t go any higher on dps due to threat
Pray for fireball rng
Ah ok
So when I’m top threat will it 0 my threat or how much does it reduce it by lol
So any good farms from DM? Or should I lock myself in mara over the weekend? I need to make some $_$
Our raid has had the worst luck for caster gear/lock tier1
I just want my t1 for maxxxxx hp for some juicy PvP
@Goetia yeah I hate that lol
@Cyn mana cord yes, ring I think shouldn’t be mage prio
The reason mana cord is mage prio is because locks have t1 belt
And it’s strong
!mara
@Black_HobbiT with what exactly
Maybe I was thinking of BrM belt
Nem
@Deleted User go to the horde or alli city in that zone
When I farmed it I set hearth to nijel’s I have a 2nd acct to reset
But u can kill die and run back prob too or have someone reset for you
Warlocks
I’ve seen a lot of thing saying volatile is better
For raiding
I mean 2% crit
:pepe_happy:
Mageblade to pally :pepe_hands:
@orkid ?
Lol
Has anyone tried the warlock tank spec?
I usually tank him until first goblin dragon fire
Then Run to the hill
Drain life/reapply dots or sbolt during next flame
Then jump before next one gg
Forors = quel serar?
Kk thought so lol
Imma get it first run
Dive
How do I acquire the KEKW
:hang:
After Italy
Italian :sher_lock:
@jyym I haven’t switched
I’ve only went gnomish and buy goblin stuff from my goblin engi friend
So I’m unsure apparently you are able to craft all gnomish then releven to gob
Maybe delete the gnomish card?
Idk
Maybe don’t do that lol
Oh haha
No idea
Surgers?
Raid day tmrw poggo
Building my reputation up so I get first Atiesh ofc #LongGameStrat
@Dive what
who
i ran it as dm/sm
ds/sm
lol
honestly idk i feel like you could try w/e spec
all it is is pathing
avoid wither
but the regen is nice
survivability is great
Do you guys have a tank in the back (by ranged) tor shazzrah to pick up the boss?
I’m pretty sure my dots pulled aggro to me after he blinked
I’m just confused because he blinks he just runs back to main tank or??
I feel like my dots ticked at the wrong time when he blinked and I took threat lol
Hmm lol
Well I position on the far left so I get blinked on less
Nvm
Kk
Yeah
Well what ppl do on Garr is
Tank all mobs
^
Then focus hard
Garr
Which honestly imo is way better
Faster
4head
Aoe adds after
??
Aoe 8 adds at once
What  u do is sit 1 tank on adds away form Garr
Burn Garr then swap adds
Yes they can
It’s just the fast way of killing it
Yeah that’s what a lot of speed kills do for it
Yeah I mean some raids can’t even do 5/8 MC
some want to do it faster
Etc
@Kuram why don’t you guys put the rest of the spots? Also the LBRS buff helps
For fire resist
For tanks
I mean no bosses are hard in MC
It just comes down to positioning, people, raid dps
Like if you have dps on rag you kill before submerge
I actually hate ony lol
Imagine being able to dps the whole time on ony
Resisting chances to keep dpsing
I have had to take my hands off keyboard for 2 weeks now
Too much threat lol
Breathing on whole raid
I have 391 spell dmg unbuffed
And tanks don’t feel like they do enough threat
Idk her threat never resets
And I don’t want her to breath on my raid
I mean I’m really geared too and use full consumes
But half our raid doesn’t
The thing is I don’t want to take threat
Invul pot doesn’t reset aggro does it?
That’s what I thought
Oh so after that u just take aggro lol
Nah I don’t want 39 other ppl to yell at me
I don’t want ppl to die because half the raid gets breathed on
Her threat never resets
So u just don’t dps for awhile
I just stop dps for like 10-20 seconds
But by how much
Really hard to go by threat meter on that fight I just play safe
No fill resets of threat
Full*
Does boo make You immune to getting threat?
BoP*
Lol
So
Should I ask for a BoP if I take aggro on ony?
Or like what’s the best strat
To drop threat
I think part of the problem is
I do wayyyy too much dmg in p1
I think I should wand till p2
^
BRUH
Fr
Tuesday imo lol
5pm server time
Ppl raid at 6 or 7pm
Or 8 start time
Tuesday-Thursday usual raid days
Ahh classic loot corruption
Did they spec instant corruption?
Friday raiding sounds really fun tbh
Get off of work
Raid
Weekend time
Dkp monkaaa
I think loot council is good with good ppl lol
Dkp
Save till zg tiger
Never spend
Be in p1 pre-raid bis
Lol
Omg
I hated Sunday raids
I use to raid on (retail) on Sunday
Yeah
Back to back or something is nice
@Bad007karma avoid rolling till zg lol
Sorry
😦
Don’t ban hammer me
R****l
Ret
Now that’s a kek w
I saw a 19 ret twink at gurubashi arena yesterday LOL
Of all the things too twink
BTW
I’ve been getting Canes again lately (chicken place)
So good
I miss chicken
What
3 piece deal baby
I only saw a staff
Lol
Many canes of etc
Now I REALLY need canes
Omg their bread
What’s a gbp
OMG
jebaited
One word closer
That could’ve been wrath
LOL
Ok I lol’d reading what that meant
Sadly @Edis I think you’ll need a lot more
LOL
Apparently my GM told me 2 locks were mad I was getting nem helm
Does anyone’s guild use the GDP loot system?
Being nice and good
= loot
True
I’ll get canes tonight
And put a pic in discord
Raid food
I’m in Minnesota
Aka frozen throne
Unfortunately
Lol
I think you want decent gear
I farm it in like 4K hp
300 sp gear
Who is solenor
Ooooh
Rip
Our guild hasn’t seen a choker, toep, mageblade yet
Only rogue and tank gear so far lol
So unlucky
Wow
I’m hoping tonight is our night
I’d like some volatile power
Mp5
Omegalul
Do you not have major mana pots or runes?
Thought u said
Just mp5
Lol
No u
Isn’t there a sim sheet lol
Just check there
??
That’s the point of having a sim sheet
:sim:
Yeah it’s pretty decent
80+ u are doing something right
90-100 u need agony and PI
I got a 99 on Lucifron lol

Lol yeah
Logs are kinda troll
In classic
Pi agony
@bronK 【=◈︿◈=】 I use nem helm over a +39 personal preference
I need a shadow priest in my raid 😦
And a boomkin
Crit kek
[malekis]
I’d use 30
Tbh
But that’s just me
SM is is good for some bosses
DS is good over others
I’m hoping to get to 427 sp unbuffed this week
@bronK 【=◈︿◈=】 doesn’t really matter
Ok big brain
Pay for all priests to respec to PI or as many as you need for your longest boss kill
Have them all rotate it
And innervate for good measure
??
I made 750 in 2 days
Sold lot of rings
Lot of mithril
Nonstop 12 minute resets
5 runs an hour
I watched about 3-4 mara videos lol
I really wanna try hard and flask again at some point
Speaking of doomguards
I proc’d one in mara enslaved it
Actually pretty strong
Are there any real applications to using an infernal or doomguard?
@Deleted User worth if you have PI for raid
Eitherwise eh
Oh wow
BWL people will prob use
But idk how price will be affected
80g sounds really good to sell
There is a timer built in to wow
It’s a stopwatch u can time runs there
Just re open it
Reset it
00:00:00 |>
Hmm
Weird I’ve had that happen a few times
But not too much
I got like 7 from doing DME for just a little while
School drops dark runes (same thing)
Or any satyrs in Felwood or Azshara for demo tunes in open world
Just know healers love competition Over runes 🙂
Uhhh I did dme solo
It was pretty decent for the amount of mobs I don’t really kill
Couple videos on warlock dme solo
I’d say Felwood is pretty good too
And you’ll be by yourself not having to respec
And no healers crying over you wanting runes lol

Sm/ruin is really easy for mara imo
For pet send in to proc dust cloud
For DME sm/ds feels way more worth it
Mara you can basically play whatever though
/join world
Opens a new channel
Where everyone in the world can communicate instead of just general, or trade
People use it for everything
I was just using world and lookingforgroup channels
Good boy
:doggo: *woof* *woof*
Aka purge lol
Everyone does ye
Or that’s what I think?
Idk we have one
World is pretty useful tbh
It’s very populated
Yeah you missed out on ring for sure
You could try and test your market but eh prob won’t be a lot of luck. The mara solo farm itself isn’t too bad though!
And mining/herb
If you can dme far better with mining
It’s nice if you can grind it over a week/weekend
So for garr
I’ve seen guilds take all 8 adds to the wall and dps garr
Sulfuron you can dot all then aoe
And sappers are like 10% of your dmg on domo origato
So yes
Yes
Some groups don’t even banish
And burn boss
But if you have like 3 adds up sure dot and pad
I wish our guild did that but RL doesn’t wanna change strat monka
For example
On Lucifron
I don’t agony first mob that we kill
But I do other too
And corr all
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/YA7jWmVncfQb82gZ#fight=1&type=damage-done
My 98 from Lucifron
It’s worth there
Sulfuron you can look at logs
One guy dotted all 4 with corr
Then dapper
Then hellfire
For Sulfuron
So on a 100 parse and a 99 the only diff is one using corr
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/PhkGwfvF7WQCrAgB#fight=9&type=damage-done
Good example of different approaches very similar dmg
4K difference
Also the 100 parse on domo is 53 seconds lol
@TORO we just poly healers kill other guys
Then swap to other adds
Yeah but I think you can just do them all at once I’m not sure what the cheese strat on that boss is tbh
We don’t kite
We just take sheep half adds kill other half
Then the other half we aoe
@JesusLord yeah mages have a ton of instant aoe lol nova cone of cold shatter
Then arcane explosion
Maybe he blade flurried on the aoe pck?
Hellfire is good aoe
But if things are dying relatively quick
Corruption a few targets and just shadowbolt
Shadowburn before they die
Make sure you dont shadowbolt something if it’ll die before your cast goes through
@JesusLord
Wow
Look at this shazzrah parse
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/TWM28yzqaVZjCg3k#fight=26&type=damage-done&source=86
He is rocking lot of crit
And had a soulfire in there lol
Very interesting
Also this fight is DUMB fast
So rng crits Im assuming
19 second fight LOL
@terminator nah mara can be farmed any spec I did it as sm/ruin easily
If you don’t have a pet I’d recommend bringing a pet summoning trinket to proc a dust cloud
I don’t like taking any hits on princess
I keep passive
In dungeons you can use it but on any aoe or cleave it dies mainly more annoying
Or just go ds/ruin and sac it lol
^
Is sm/ruin better to rng fights?
Or is ds/ruin better no matter what
I feel an extra shadow bolt could be huge
How can I check for crits on wclgs?
On my phone
What do you mean
@InsaneKane  ?
So if you only cast 3 bolts and the 4th is a proc
It’s worth?
On an extremely short fight?
Also I’m pretty sure these locks are sacking imps for hellfire fights?
Does imp actually increase hellfire by 15% flat?
Or is it less because it’s an aoe spell?
Because that sounds fun saccing imp for something like domo
So the only reason to cast soulfire as your first cast 2 seconds into the fight on shazzrah is because resist??
What is farmlog
The #1 parse has shazzrah soulfire 2 sec into fight
Hmm ok
Reading these logs wants me to join a speed running guild LOL
So is soulfire actually good in raid on the Naga guys? This guy is using it every Naga boss fight and idk why over sbolt
Oh he is
Oh is he popping lip after?
So hard to read logs on phone
Fights are like insanely fast haha
Makes me really want to join a speedrunning guild
Looks so fun
I know a lot of guilds rock a fury and mitigation tank
Our guild’s tanks have got far better weapons this week and threat definitely went up
Wait aren’t you just aoeing on Sulfuron I’m confused
Oh I see you are saying you hellfire for 15 seconds then swapped cuz adds died??
Yeah idk maybe he got unlucky with misses or something or no threat gear
He should have a nice lead
^
https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/reports/TWM28yzqaVZjCg3k#fight=8&type=auras&source=86
Can anyone tell me what “restoration and fire shield” buffs are?
This guy has an imp out?
Restoration potion is just mana pot?
I pot for Mc
Greater arcane and shadow elixir
No flask tho
I prob will this week for fun
WOW
restoration potion
Purge yourself haha
Does that share cd with mana pot I’m assuming?
I like using mana pots runes etc
I need to farm more gold though
Wow restoration pot is nice
@Ghingis but yeah I like using pots etc but not necessary also it only is worth more if your guild goes hard
My guild is decent and a lot of ppl use almost everything but flask
Not necessary though just for fun
A warlock in my guild flasked this week so I have a personal vendetta to use 80g this week
Next week*
Yeah flasks aren’t too bad on our server
More like 120-140 with all consumes though. Flasks usually 60-80 haha
I think we realized you are a warlock haha
Not true at all
Lot of good warlock logs lol
And yeah curses are really important
Our guild is a mess with debuffs rn
We just picked up an spriest
So now our debuffs are an issue
Speaking of are there any debuff resources?
No not really
But a lot of guilds will just take one instead of disc/holy shadow weaver
A lot of locks are at the top of some fights
Rag is knock rng
That’s not a warlock issue lol
I got knocked back to back in the first 10 seconds
A warlock is #22 world for all logs
War and rogue included
@Ghingis
I think warlocks are pretty good
Actually funny enough
Out of the the 4 spots on their kill
3 were warlocks
Maybe getting a spriest in raid was a bad idea lol
@Reimu all of them tbh
99
I have a few 99’s
Or like 2
@Lug https://classic.warcraftlogs.com/character/us/heartseeker/brewtank
I have probably 22gold
Lol
I just farm weekly for pots etc
Epic mount full pre-raid bis and some raid bis
And 30+ sp enchant on wep
@Stabile I had to at least farm mara for my 100% mount haha
I just farmed it over a weekend
I hate farming tho I like just playing the game
I might farm for p2 tho and rank a lil
I only play like 3 hours a night during the weekday so mats always feels like a lot of time during the week
Yeah I really need to finish my engi shit haha
I’ve been at 245 for forever
Kings imo
Wisdom is w/e
You have runes and mana pots on boss fights I think it’s minimal personally
Yeah I don’t see any debuff sheets
I was wondering same thing
Because our spriest takes up a LOT of debuffs
Idk if mindflay is allowed or what is/isn’t
Pretty sure we didn’t get a shadow vulnerability(isb) because too many debuff on boss haha
@Edis pls don’t utter those words
What is the source first of all lol
!budlight
!miller
kek
Yeah I’ve seen warlocks be near top too
Does anyone’s guild require arcane pots for shaz?
What kill speed are u guys at
How long is fight and do u p1 send them in
Wtf
My guild needs to start doing that lol
Ours is 1:18
Lol
LOL
I had to tell a lock to not siphon life
On boss
Ouch
Yeah on Golemagg
My corruption kept getting knocked off
By spriest and everyone
Is it normal for guilds to give debuffs out rn?
Or is it ffa basically
My guild we won’t let hunters serpent
lol k
So debuffs aren’t given out till later in the game?
Do ppl do debuffs in bwl?
Hmm my guild doesn’t really do debuffs but it’s pretty annoying having ur shit get knocked off
Firestone ofc
Lol
Lol
Actually though
Cba having a 2nd char in vanilla lol
Nothing interests me enough we also have a lot of druids for some reasons
We’ve only got every gear but caster gear ofc
Lol
Boomkin form for 3% crit
I need to level a Druid on a 2nd account so I always get 3% more crit
And a priest on a 3rd account for PI
:sim:
Bears are basically fury prot wars
Both no shields
Better tps
Coincidence?
arcane crystals still drop as of last week
I haven’t farmed dme this week
MD?
Oh
Like bugging it?
To have one up and have ds buff still?
Yeah I’m gonna go ds ruin this next week
I’ve been sm for every raid
Pretty excited
So does anyone sac an imp for a sole aoe fight for raid?
Seems good
I wouldn’t do the exploit tbh
Never worth
Should I sac imp for hellfire on domo?
Some servers have like 40k ppl don’t they lol
Also sac imp for domo hellfire aoe or no
Wow good way to use the shadow reflector lol
I would kind of agree @Censored
Mara/dme/gold lol
But eh
It’s w/e
If u have a question I’m sure it’ll be answered
can anyone pls link
ds/ruin typical build
Okay guys
Eye of Kilrogg pull the sacrifice guy? Big brain?
After hydro spawn
Or do you need to kill guys on the pathway ?
Ragnaros solo pls
Lol love the positivity
Wholesome discord
Feels good to do all of them at once!
So how many people take the 2% reduced cost of destro spells?
I like my hellfire talent too much
Yeah I mean other options are pretty minimal imo
Plus fights aren’t even long enough for the 2% destro mana to matter lol
70% less chance to pushback soulfire :brain:
Yeah cba
Nice for guildie dungeons
It’s just a nice quality of life thing for sure
Also I swapped to ds/ruin this week
So nice
^
It just does more dmg I like it
Sm ruin is ok for sure but I’m sold now
Plus easier to farm dme jump as da rui lol
It’s 4.5% I heard
And that’s just trash usually
Boss fights >
And any boss that doesn’t ds ruin
Plus you have to get the proc too
Both are fine I’m just excited to some ST ds ruin
@thisisbleep I know a lot of ppl swapped to herring as well
Not too much qol imo
I just wish I could dual spec ds ruin and soul link nf
@StainedClass wtf they still sell for like 3g a pop on my Sever haha
Server* that’s so cheap
Lol
Mechanical yeti owns
That helped me learned my first few mara runs
I feel like doomguard owns
Huge aoe potential too
Void I believe
Volatile power > void
Felheart is great for pvp though
2% crit
21 sp
Yes
[robes of volatile power]
PvE
VP is good for PvE
And good for conflag pvp (any in general too)
If you want
I think a larger upgrade would be mageblade
LOCKbalde
Wow gz
So how do I make my guild give me atiesh is there a guide
How much GDP do I need?
GBP*
Good boy points
*
Is there a guide to befriend everyone and make them believe you are worth of the first shards
Splinters* ?
Damn
Will flasking every raid for 52+ weeks net better odds?
Maybe my RL will say nah I don’t really want it
@Scarysock surpringslt no one has wanted HS
Yeah I guess
Ok general question
How many Shards do you guys farm up for raid? Also, do you guys ever say trade me for HS or no?
I’m DS ruin now so my HS’s hit for at least 1440
@jewlicious yeah I did that one week and I had ony buff it was legit insane lol
I being like 45 shards to raid LOL
Food chat?
I think summoning people is fine
Happens sometimes
Not half the raid lol
But a few stragglers lol
I legit log on 10 minutes before pull because I get home from work at that time
So I do a lot of prep Monday nights
Pre park myself outside of raid etc
So I guess I don’t really deal with summoning too much maybe like 1-2 ppl
The work week is back and I’m back on my phone for lock discord hello all
Monka warnings
Is it worth having at least 1% hit as a warlock in p1?
If I get sash of dark whispers do I replace vectus neck with mysteria?
Ok
True
Sounds like a retail discord now lol
sim it
By true yeah I’ll do that for sure
I forgot sim sheet exists
Oh I am
I love banishing lvl 63 elite elementals in MC
and having them break 5 seconds later and RL screaming “RE BANISH”
It’s just heartbeat mechanic
Sheep can break early etc
Hmm
Yeah one of our locks try’s to help and cos banish target
But I don’t cos to banish because I don’t wanna the ele to get to me in the extra global and make my buffs say bye bye
I thought about asking other lock to just banish with me on high target to be safe
So if one resists the other doesn’t hopefully
Sp and hit
Making it really strong
Yeah that’s what I just said @BananaPudding a little bit ago our other lock cos it
It’s the best pre raid yea
Sp and hit
I use vectus neck
Nice high sp
So is gnomish closing device the move for onyxia?
@PK welcome to the dark side DS is fun
I just wanna reset threat so I can do more dmg in p3
Because I have to stop dps every week lol
And not die
Cuz I had world buffs
Or have ony breath on my raid 🙂
I’m going to try cloaking device
Dying is for noobs
It’s really low engi too I think?
100 or 200
2 hour ony
Big brain
Do you guys do MC or ony first?
We always kill ony first then run to MC
Ah
We alwaysssss get cucked on the head lol
We’ve got the buff once for raid LOL
Yeah I think MC seems better to do first
I think one guild raids 30 mins before us and snipes it while we are in onyxia’s lair
I wish we did MC first makes more sense
My songflower doesn’t care for onyxia
It’s really easy tbh
6 is what I’ve heard
For the cd
LOL
Greek yogurt is pretty good
I like the fage brand
Super healthy tastes good
Doesn’t Attack your taste buds like other greek yogurts
I dont think I’ve ever been to chic til a
With peanut butter
That sounds you are trying to make your stomach explode lol
Lol
Creamer and Greek yogurt LOL
I drank whole milk before lol not bad
Omg
Over night oats
>>>
:gnomef: pre bis
I don’t think I’ve ever actually ate cottage cheese
Yeah
KEKW
:gnomef: :bos: :SB: EZ
Night elf druid :sher_lock:
Hello m’lady
Also not to go :offtopic: but Druid sucks in PvP lol
I’d rather have a BoP, freedom or flash heal
Alliance PogU
Lol
Someone gets me.
What trinket would you replace if you had talisman? Eye of the beast or reed?
Dive u dropped engi??
Smh
Yeah
Sm/ruin
You take 3 less points in shadow mastery for imp
Yup!
You don’t have ruin in that build
@hazzbot
Now that’s gimping yourself
Why would you take ds
And improved imp and no ruin
I’m not sure what you are trying to accomplish @hazzbot
Ahh you were gomoso prior?
Gnomish*
I see
I don’t know if I’ll relabel. Can you use both teleporters as goblin?
Damn
Def staying gnome
Gadg op
Gadg is made for warlock farming
Aka dme and Nara lol
Mara*
Fishing
:pepe_sweat:
Why did you wanna be gob anyways
Are you going to charge to craft sappers for people
I need to buy noggs for raid
I wanna be a skelly
Is it guaranteed slow?
:hellfire: ?
120% of ur hp
Lol so make sure you get a heal on you or something
lol
Oooh
Class utility
So my guild is forcing melee to use arcane pots on shaz now we can finally kill him quick
By my calculations we should kill him in at least half the time :pepescience: beep boop bop
No
:gnomef: :SB:
For melee
Yeah
They are forcing melee to use them finally
Instead of afking till 50%
Lol
Firestone lock
Ofc
I only parse for melee warlocks
I got 245 engi for helm haven’t touched since lol
^
Could be crits, resist
Sash is great lol
I personally want toep>ring of spell power>choker
Oh actually
Toep>robe of volatile power> x> x
I wouldn’t be mad about getting robe first though
Budget choker?
How much sp is that lol?
I have the vectus neck currently
Ah
To be fair
I got vectus neck first kill lol
@mood why don’t you want azure over staff?
Ah ok
True
I have to sim myself tonight I wanna see if a toep or robe is better
@mood it’s lockblade btw
Well sims will tell u everything for the most part
It’s a 175+ sp
So lol
I think ZG in use replaces it
@Deleted User isn’t ZG trinket better though?
My server has them for 100g
^
Ah I think the hero charm or w/e is like 400 sp
Sims just tell you the dps for a fight
And length etc
Yeah but in Mc
Use on pull lol
That’s why u sim with fight durations
Lol
Pretty insane
Next 1000 strat UD for mount?
Horse lol
:gnomef: :bos: master race
Yeah our guild is like 2hours or less
For everything
Also does anyone have an OP spot to stand on rag
I got knocked 5 times this week LOL
Warriors have a lot of fear break
Death wish
Beserker rage
I think even one more
But you can coil into it
Yeah
You stand on the tank inside the circle
But wait
Can’t all the melee get knocked
Or do U stay by the tank on the opposite side
Ah so you are basically by yourself?
I get knocked like a ping pong ball every week
This week was so bad I need a new spot
Sounds like a good spot though
Yeah
And if you don’t have a VW out
It can be annoying
Deathcoil dot and deadzone the intercept charge
So intercept is 8-25 yds
So if you are affliction you can outrange with aff spells can keep running
Eitherwise staying within 8 yds might be pretty annoying
Or you could still stay in the 25-30 yd but that is a bit dangerous
Near what pull
?
The pack where it’s satyr + small flowers?
Because you can enslave the satyr
You can make the satyr live
Put him on passive
And corr agony first globales on a few adds
Or searing pain ^
If you do it right the satyr will not die
@Sizzle no
Dismiss when he is low
Ninja the loot from the flowers kekw
Good question
I have 4 😦
:Thornling:
Word
:pepescience:
Did split ony raid last night
Kinda fun
Better get use to it
You’ll be doing MC for a long time lol
B I N D I N G S
Eh
I’d prefer 40 fast
^
Exactly
Still doing same thing, just 2x as long
Also only reason you split Mc is if you have more 60’s then take half geared and half non
But a lot of ppl aren’t doing that
Toep and bindings are only reason to be there for awhile
I guess t2 legs too
Yeah same
I wouldn’t want to be in a non 40 man MC
I just want to get it done quickly
It’s a drop in sunken temple
With a random suffix
These suffixes aren’t equal either
No one caught ur troll but I respect it
I really want soup
It’s cold in my area
The hot singles disappeared so I need something to keep me warm
Yessssss
BiS list
Tomato soup and grilled cheese
What is a good main hand (drink) to go along with tomato soup and grilled cheese
@Ziwax dot and wand things to gather them up
Maybe hellfire to nuke them
I know how mages do it not sure about lock
Just gather them and aoe I think
I was helping my friend in sm lib and I just corruption sbolted stuff
Lol
Caprisun
I use to down yoohoo’s in the juice box like form
Pretty sick
Wtf is everclear is that like moonshine?
As long as deathcoil is off cd you can do anything
What fear breaking affects share with charm in wow for warriors?
Also if you have imp or felhunter out your life becomes 10x more difficult vs a war
Also I believe our friend is alliance
So VW is best bet if you don’t get jumped and have a choice lol
Only rogues and locks
Oh yeah
Ok nvm lol
Everyone that can be undead is typically ud except war
Honestly if you are lock v lock with both locks having poggo out
You don’t even fear
Just save kick for fear
Ideally lock v lock you use shadow prot, spellstone and only kick fears
Also vanishing a poggo is pretty much like trying to win the lottery
Aka resist
@Deleted User just :doggo: brooo
Oh nice that use to be my old server too
80/20 I’m the 20 😄
Now the roles are reversed since we xferred
Rip
I was on Skeram
Same thing tho
2 worst alliance servers
If you group to farm honor you won’t have an issue
Well ofc in a group
It didn’t matter
Server was fucked for alliance either way lol
Nope
Lol it was 75/25
Skeram was only slightly better
It’s a veryyyy small drop chance @TheMadShatters lol let alone the shadow one
@jewlicious some guy did 1000 didn’t get one lol
@Mano just get demonic sacrifice and get shadow mastery
Kek
W
I saw your 100 on rag nice
Funny you guys had like 7-8 locks
But if you wanna do anything in the world solo
Rip
“World” of Warcraft
But alliance bg queues will be very quick I can’t wait
Yeah
Oh maybe it was 5 then lol
Idc for wpvp as much
Only PvP I’ve really gotten has been gurubashi arena
Thought I saw u on some log
Maybe my mind is foggy after that last soulstone I had
Lol
Yeah having a reward for killing someone is great lol
Eitherwise I haven’t really ganked people at all
Nah
Not at all lol
10v3
Or 5v1
Lol
Eh
I don’t really think so
Also you need to kill 48+ as a 60 to get honor right?
Killing a grey horde/alliance doesn’t give honor
Yeah on Skeram ppl were already farming WPL flight point
A month ago lol
When ppl land
U kill them
I think ppl just wanted to yank
Gank* lol
Kill respawn
I think a lot more ppl will just run around in groups to farm honor
It’s probably the most efficient
@Gankmobile link logs, also a lot of people cheese that fight
Aka nuke boss aoe adds down after
Cc the healer
Save felhunter lockout for fear
But yeah that’s a pretty broad question
He can’t know how to play a fear
But I mean there is a million and in answers for this
Could be open field
Could be pillars like lol
@Tubesssbm is this a scenario where you just get jumped or what?
What’s your purpose of being in un Goro?
Leveling? Looking for pvp?
@Gankmobile ah ok let me look
@Gankmobile so your gear looks fine
A big thing is that debuff getting dispelled
Also you life tapped 8 times, mana pot and tune will help
I can’t tell the resist but 21 sbolts hit
Make sure you don’t dance casts
Not a movement fight really
What spec are you?
That’s huge
Cancel*
So ds/ruin will be better for that fight. Resist cucked you
Gear looks fine
And mana consumes
Summary
I like a rune and a mana pot every fight
Also if there is no shadow vulnerability up you could tap once or twice
So when a warlock crits you can benefit
Rune*
Auto correct curse
Is on me
Lol
Reed is better
Higher sp
Well ur trinket is fine
The elder one
W/e
The mana things will help
Also some ppl have songflower and tribute giving them 8% more crit
But try using mana pot and rune
Will save u many globales
Also if no dispell on you you get fucked on mana
Critting is huge too
20% increased dmg
Also I’m sure you prob casted a few bolts with mana drain debuff on so that doesn’t help but yeah I’m sure you’ll see a big improvement
@frychronic !lvlint
!lvling
!leveling
What specs is everyone running for WSG? Premade spec that is
SL/nf seems nice but I like conflagration too
I was gonna saw why is everyone hating on this mensis guy
But then I scrolled up LOL
What’s wrong with heartseeker tho
@Deleted User actually a lot of people who xferred to heartseeker were on Skeram/Stalaag which were 75/25 if not more
Plus once more ppl started xferring off it made it worse for alliance players on horde dominated servers
Was never “60/40”
On Skeram/stalag
Stalaag was the most horde dominated server before xfers lol
But I appreciate the meme
Canes
@Dive
What spec is everyone playing for bgs? Specifically wsg cuz I’m not interested in AV really
SL/nf or conflag?
Never said anything about ranking
Sm ruin seems kinda fun too tbh getting some corruptions out
Proccing sb bit unreliable though
I might go conflag just to mess around
Yeah
Coex is nice
How hard is conflag hitting?
I’m like 300 sp with PvP gear on
Yeah I don’t really Classic too much anymore was jw
I was in ds/ruin last night and was having fun
Just nuking some ppl
Kind of playing like sm/ruin but not spreading too many corruptions
Yeah I have some hit pieces
can someone link confalg/nf build
conflag
Found the build in resources
Conflag was very fun
I’ve played like 3 hours of bgs since I quit classic but respeccing was sooo fun
Still the best class discord hands down
@Ascalon gl on tour last week of honor  farming!
:sher_lock:
:XNsoonTM:
So how hard do you think naxx will be? I kind of want to come back around aq40/naxx Times

Had a killer AB after this too LOL
Do a lot of casual people play sm/ruin? I feel like I might swap to that instead of respeccing so much
Who here raids as sm/ruin
Or do a lot of you guys just run around in 1 spec?
Is DME the best farm in the game pretty much? Can I do it as sm/ruin ?
And generally uses that spec 99% of the time
I use to do sm/ds but I have respeccing just to gold farm
I’ll have to try it as sm/ruin
I was having a ton of fun logging on playing conflag/nf honestly but was thinking sm/ruin for doing everything
I love when someone pops it
Then dies because you don’t cast a shadow spell LOL. Had a rogue pop one while he was low hp 15 yds away from me no idea when he popped it and I didn’t hit shadow into it 😂 I was dying
Spell power
Tailoring engi is my preferred
Actually yeah Stam/sp for farming those 2
@Alchohealic - Shortfuse
Mining is nice for dme though
I just like engi for my main, which in this caSe lock is your sky
Alt
Engi is just nice for everything but mainly because I PvE I like having sappers though
Yeah mining for dme
I mean how ever much so you can get
The whole thing with dme runs is the stuff will die eventually so however much stats u wanna drop
For sp
Dme runs are super nice for gold so might as well use that alt for gold making and alt runs if you want
Honestly i use to sell rings made 850g over 2 days on the weekend not sure if it’s lucrative anymore but if you can that’s great
Mara runs are super easy too and the timings workout pretty well
Yeah
@Gurkalot true have 1 warlock use r1 sbolt have him stack crit/hit so I can do more damage :pepescience: :gnomef:
Exactly
I’d actually love to see that lol
You being the only lock benefitting from isb
Boomkin in your party too
Lol
ZG releasing yay
Is 8% hit the most you want to have that’s bis atm?
Aka bis gear equals up to having max sp/crit and have only 8% hit
Yes
But most ppl skip the ring yeah?
Ok figured so
Thanks
Horde queue times lol
I think it’s fine without ds/ruin
R13 solely for the shoulders of anything
What spec do you guys do bgs as? Solo queuing as Soul link seems nice. Also sm/ruin seems nice too. I’ve been playing a lot of destro lately feels ok.
Aq40 July 28th hype
hi pvpers
nvm @Rigglewiggle literally just asked
so whats the consensus
how much hit do we aim for
ty
should i go 2/5 suppression as sm/ruin
or the full 5
i have 1% hit lol
so im assuming 5/5
ok cool ty
I wish I was horde
So I could deathcoil into gear without it being insta willed LOL
what curse should i put up in zg if there are 2 lcoks
0
prob reck and shadow
or agony and make other guy shadow 😉
Is today patch day for classic
Is war effort going to be live?
Ok thanks
Do locks get much better in aq40?
I heard locks are one of the best scaling classes in vanilla
How good is the next rank of shadowbolt compared to our current?
But warlocks are going to get better tho yeah?
And in naxx too?
Dope
Can’t wait to do even bigger dam
Wow looking at all this gear in aq40 makes me really excited lol
Pretty cool
Not bad at all
Also another reason to get hype is rank 10 sbolt only costs 10 more mana
Do we need any NR gear really?
Pog
Hooray
All this gear is making me really interested in coming back lol
pArSe
Human is fine good casting animations plus look good on tigers. Play what you want and don’t be a stink bug 🙂
Yeah
Every race/gender combo > male nelf hunter
That’s I’ll I will agree with LOL
That was my main in vanilla lol
Female nelf spriest is cool
I personally went gnome but ehhh
:pepe_knife:
Too much edge
I remember on a private server I accidentally joined a Chinese guild lol
They helped me get full t3 tho was pretty sick
Lol
Hunters are pretty good
But I feel like if they fight a half decent mage the mage can win 99% of the time
If they start it but you can cheese a lot of stuff so you can push on them pretty easily
This is the best discord I stopped raiding before the honor system came out and I just come to look at screenshots now but hands down best wow discord
Completed my 2 pc hit rings in ZG, got r10 shadowbolt and got aq20 ring all in one night lol. Made the ZG run (soft res, raiding leading and dealing with loot is not fun) but a successful night alas
I’m just returning so that gear is good for me lol
Also got hilt from aq20
5th times a charm eh?
Lol Ossirian has shadow vuln on the first pillar I was like nah I’m not tryna die
:savixHm:
So why does stay safe say he can make 120 gphr??
What’s the adaptation or strat/change?
Not on a video just casually in conversation on a stream
What the hell is EE?
I’m assuming people kill rock ele’s now? In p1 it was just 3-4 bosses
And that’s it
Rinse and repeat
I was selling rings as well then
And they get owned now due to gear?
Didn’t seem like anyone really did ele’s
Ah
I see
Ah I see the appeal now thanks
Sp>hp>everything else
Sp>>>>>>>>hp>everything else*
